have bought several of the vitality canned dog food products and have found them all to be of good quality . the product looks more like a stew than a processed meat and it smells better . my labrador is finicky and she appreciates this product better than most .
product arrived labeled as jumbo salted peanuts . the peanuts were actually small sized unsalted . not sure if this was an error or if the vendor intended to represent the product as jumbo .
this is a confection that has been around a few centuries . it is a light pillowy citrus gelatin with nuts . in this case filberts . and it is cut into tiny squares and then liberally coated with powdered sugar . and it is a tiny mouthful of heaven . not too chewy and very flavorful . i highly recommend this yummy treat . if you are familiar with the story of c . s . lewis the lion the witch and the wardrobe . this is the treat that seduces edmund into selling out his brother and sisters to the witch .
if you are looking for the secret ingredient in robitussin i believe i have found it . i got this in addition to the root beer extract i ordered which was good and made some cherry soda . the flavor is very medicinal .
great taffy at a great price . there was a wide assortment of yummy taffy . delivery was very quick . if your a taffy lover this is a deal .
i got a wild hair for taffy and ordered this five pound bag . the taffy was all very enjoyable with many flavors watermelon root beer melon peppermint grape etc . my only complaint is there was a bit too much red black licoric . flavored pieces just not my particular favorites . between me my kids and my husband this lasted only two weeks ! i would recommend this brand of taffy . it was a delightful treat .
this saltwater taffy had great flavors and was very soft and chewy . each candy was individually wrapped well . none of the candies were stuck together which did happen in the expensive version fralinger s . would highly recommend this candy ! i served it at a beac . themed party and everyone loved it !
this taffy is so good . it is very soft and chewy . the flavors are amazing . i would definitely recommend you buying it . very satisfying !
right now i m mostly just sprouting this so my cats can eat the grass . they love it . i rotate it around with wheatgrass and rye too
this is a very healthy dog food . good for their digestion . also good for small puppies . my dog eats her required amount at every feeding .
i don t know if it s the cactus or the tequila or just the unique combination of ingredients but the flavour of this hot sauce makes it one of a kind ! we picked up a bottle once on a trip we were on and brought it back home with us and were totally blown away ! when we realized that we simply couldn t find it anywhere in our city we were bummed . thank you for the personal incredible service !
one of my boys needed to lose some weight and the other didn t . i put this food on the floor for the chubby guy and the protei . rich no b . product food up higher where only my skinny boy can jump . the higher food sits going stale . they both really go for this food . and my chubby boy has been losing about an ounce a week .
my cats have been happily eating felidae platinum for more than two years . i just got a new bag and the shape of the food is different . they tried the new food when i first put it in their bowls and now the bowls sit full and the kitties will not touch the food . i ve noticed similar reviews related to formula changes in the past . unfortunately i now need to find a new food that my cats will eat .
good flavor ! these came securely packed . they were fresh and delicious ! i love these twizzlers !
the strawberry twizzlers are my guilty pleasure . yummy . six pounds will be around for a while with my son and i .
my daughter loves twizzlers and this shipment of six pounds really hit the spot . it s exactly what you would expect . six packages of strawberry twizzlers .
i love eating them and they are good for watching tv and looking at movies ! it is not too sweet . i like to transfer them to a zip lock baggie so they stay fresh so i can take my time eating them .
i am very satisfied with my twizzler purchase . i shared these with others and we have all enjoyed them . i will definitely be ordering more .
twizzlers strawberry my childhood favorite candy made in lancaster pennsylvania by y s candies inc . one of the oldest confectionery firms in the united states now a subsidiary of the hershey company the company was established in 1845 as young and smylie they also make apple licorice twists green color and blue raspberry licorice twists i like them alli keep it in a dry cool place because is not recommended it to put it in the fridge . according to the guinness book of records the longest licorice twist ever made measured 1 . 00 feet 370 m and weighted 100 pounds 45 kg and was made by y s candies inc . this recor . breaking twist became a guinness world record on july 19 1998 . this product is kosher ! thank you
candy was delivered very fast and was purchased at a reasonable price . i was home bound and unable to get to a store so this was perfect for me .
my husband is a twizzlers addict . we ve bought these many times from amazon because we re government employees living overseas and can t get them in the country we are assigned to . they ve always been fresh and tasty packed well and arrive in a timely manner .
i bought these for my husband who is currently overseas . he loves these and apparently his staff likes them also .
i can remember buying this candy as a kid and the quality hasn t dropped in all these years . still a superb product you won t be disappointed with .
i love this candy . after weight watchers i had to cut back but still have a craving for it .
i have lived out of the us for over 7 yrs now and i so miss my twizzlers ! when i go back to visit or someone visits me i always stock up . all i can say is yum ! sell these in mexico and you will have a faithful buyer more often than i m able to buy them right now .
product received is as advertised .
the candy is just red no flavor . just plan and chewy . i would never buy them again
i was so glad amazon carried these batteries . i have a hard time finding them elsewhere because they are such a unique size . i need them for my garage door opener . great deal for the price .
i got this for my mum who is not diabetic but needs to watch her sugar intake and my father who simply chooses to limit unnecessary sugar intake . she s the one with the sweet tooth . they both loved these toffees you would never guess that they re suga . free and it s so great that you can eat them pretty much guilt free ! i was so impressed that i ve ordered some for myself w dark chocolate to take to the office so i ll eat them instead of snacking on sugary sweets . these are just excellent !
i don t know if it s the cactus or the tequila or just the unique combination of ingredients but the flavour of this hot sauce makes it one of a kind ! we picked up a bottle once on a trip we were on and brought it back home with us and were totally blown away ! when we realized that we simply couldn t find it anywhere in our city we were bummed . thank you for the personal incredible service !
i have never been a huge coffee fan . however my mother purchased this little machine and talked me into trying the latte macciato . no coffee shop has a better one and i like most of the other products too as a usually no . coffee drinker ! . the little dolche guesto machine is super easy to use and prepares a really good coffee latte cappuccino etc in less than a minute if water is heated up . i would recommend the dolce gusto to anyone . too good for the price and i am getting one myself !
this offer is a great price and a great taste thanks amazon for selling this product . staral
mccann s instant oatmeal is great if you must have your oatmeal but can only scrape together two or three minutes to prepare it . there is no escaping the fact however that even the best instant oatmeal is nowhere near as good as even a store brand of oatmeal requiring stovetop preparation . still the mccann s is as good as it gets for instant oatmeal . it s even better than the organic al . natural brands i have tried . all the varieties in the mccann s variety pack taste good . it can be prepared in the microwave or by adding boiling water so it is convenient in the extreme when time is an issue . mccann s use of actual cane sugar instead of high fructose corn syrup helped me decide to buy this product . real sugar tastes better and is not as harmful as the other stuff . one thing i do not like though is mccann s use of thickeners . oats plus water plus heat should make a creamy tasty oatmeal without the need for guar gum . but this is a convenience product . maybe the guar gum is why after sitting in the bowl a while the instant mccann s becomes too thick and gluey .
this is a good instant oatmeal from the best oatmeal brand . it uses cane sugar instead of high fructouse corn syrup so not only does it have a better sweetness but some doctors now say that this form of sugar is better for you . great on a cold morning when you don t have time to make mccann s steel cut oats . the apple cinnamon is the best but the maple and brown sugar or the regular are good too . plus they don t require doctoring to actually tell the three flavors apart .
instant oatmeal can become soggy the minute the water hits the bowl . mccann s instant oatmeal holds its texture has excellent flavor and is good for you all at the same time . mccann s regular oat meal is excellent too but may take a bit longer to prepare than most have time for in the morning . this is the best instant brand i ve ever eaten and a very close second to the no . instant variety . mccann s instant irish oatmeal variety pack of regular apples cinnamon and maple brown sugar 1 . count boxes pack of 6
mccann s instant irish oatmeal variety pack of regular apples cinnamon and maple brown sugar 1 . count boxes pack of 6 i m a fan of the mccann s stee . cut oats so i thought i d give the instant variety a try . i found it to be a hardy meal not too sweet and great for folks like me pos . bariatric surgery who need food that is palatable easily digestible with fiber but won t make you bloat .
for those of us with celiac disease this product is a lifesaver and what could be better than getting it at almost half the price of the grocery or health food store ! i love mccann s instant oatmeal . all flavors ! abby
what else do you need to know ? oatmeal instant make it with a half cup of lo . fat milk and add raisins nuke for 90 seconds . more expensive than kroger store brand oatmeal and maybe a little tastier or better texture or something . it s still just oatmeal . mmm convenient !
i was visiting my friend nate the other morning for coffee he came out of his storage room with a packet of mccanns instant irish oatmeal . he suggested that i try it for my own use in my stash . sometimes nate dose not give you a chance to say no so i ended up trying the apple and cinn . found it to be very tastefull when made with water or powdered milk . it goes good with o . j . and coffee and a slice of toast and your ready to take on the world . or the day at least . jerry reith .
i ordered this for my wife as it was reccomended by our daughter . she has this almost every morning and likes all flavors . she s happy i m happy !
the variety packs taste great ! not sure why everyone on earth isn t this . convenient healthy very quick excellent quality and extremely cheap .
mccann s makes oatmeal for every oatmeal connoisseur whether one likes it from the raw pellet state that cooks for half an hour to the sloth addled instant which can be done in the microwave for under three minutes . it s all good that s for sure and the beauty of the instant variety is that it is available in different flavors as well as regular . the only bad thing . if you can consider it a bad thing . about this offering is that you have to buy in lot so you ll end up with six te . count boxes . this is good if you have a whole family of oatmea . eaters but if you re a single person alone . well love oatmeal .
i have mccann s oatmeal every morning and by ordering it from amazon i am able to save almost 3 . 00 per box . it is a great product . tastes great and very healthy
mccann s oatmeal is a good quality choice . our favorite is the apples and cinnamon but we find that none of these are overly sugary . for a good hot breakfast in . minutes this is excellent .
we really like the mccann s steel cut oats but find we don t cook it up too often . anything that keeps me eating oatmeal regularly is a good thing .
this seems a little more wholesome than some of the supermarket brands but it is somewhat mushy and doesn t have quite as much flavor either . it didn t pass muster with my kids so i probably won t buy it again .
good oatmeal . i like the apple cinnamon the best . though i wouldn t follow the directions on the package since it always comes out too soupy for my taste . that could just be me since i like my oatmeal really thick to add some milk on top of .
the flavors are good . however i do not see any differce between this and oaker oats brand . they are both mushy .
i really like the maple and brown sugar flavor . the regular is fine with brown sugar added . the apples and cinnamon flavor is ok . this is a very quick easy and satisfying breakfast and i ll order this brand again but not the variety . i ll get all maple and brown sugar .
this is the same stuff you can buy at the big box stores . there is nothing healthy about it . it is just carbs and sugars . save your money and get something that at least has some taste .
this oatmeal is not good . its mushy soft i don t like it . quaker oats is the way to go .
got a free package of these with a bottle of bloody mary mix i bought from the seller and the advertising worked . lol i tried them and shared them with . buddies and we all loved them . so im here to buy more and noticed there were no reviews yet . well now there is . they are hot but not burn your mouth forever hot its a nice temp . perfect for us .
this wasn t in stock the last time i looked . i had to go to the vermont country store in weston to find it along with a jaw harp cranberry horseradish sauce fartless black bean salsa apple cider jelly newton s cradle art in motion and the staple vermont maple syrup . p . s . i m not sharing the peanuts not deliberately and i ll probably give greg the jaw harp for christmas . he ll be so insulted .
we re used to spicy foods down here in south texas and these are not at all spicy . doubt very much habanero is used at all . could take it up a notch or two .
i roast at home with a stov . top popcorn popper but i do it outside of course . these beans coffee bean direct green mexican altura seem to be wel . suited for this method . the first and second cracks are distinct and i ve roasted the beans from medium to slightly dark with great results every time . the aroma is strong and persistent . the taste is smooth velvety yet lively .
we roast these in a large cast iron pan on the grill about 1 3 of the bag at a time . the smell is wonderful and the roasted beans taste delicious too . more importantly the coffee is smooth no bitter aftertaste . on numerous occasions we ve had to send the roasted beans home with friends because they like it so much .
deal was awesome ! arrived before halloween as indicated and was enough to satisfy trick or treaters . i love the quality of this product and it was much less expensive than the local store s candy .
it is chocolate what can i say . great variety of everything our family loves . with a family of six it goes fast here . perfect variety . kit kat reeses take five and more .
great product nice combination of chocolates and perfect size ! the bags had plenty and they were shipped promptly . the kids in the neighborhood liked our candies !
halloween is over but i sent a bag to my daughters class for her share . the chocolate was fresh and enjoyed by many .
watch your prices with this . while the assortment was good and i did get this on a gold box purchase the price for this was . 4 less at target .
this bag of candy online is pretty expensive it should be cheaper in order to compete with grocery stores other than that its a good combination of my favorite candy
arrived in 6 days and were so stale i could not eat any of the 6 bags !
i have used the endurolyte product for several years in both pill and powder form . long desert rides on the dirt bike always found my camelbak water heavily laced with the endurolyte powder not overly tasty but quite effective as i never got a cramp on these several hundred mile rides . same for desert racing in the buggy the camelbaks were always laced with the powder . now we have the fizz . what a great product ! firstly its hammer s endurolyte product so it s great endurance athlete s the world over use their products . second its convenient handly tablets that dissovle in a fizz . third it tastes great ! imagine getting a nice cool drink when your body is starving for hydration and electrolytes and rather than getting a salty taste you get a refreshing lemo . lime or mango ! the camelbaks always get the fizz now . i also drop a tablet in my bottled water whenever i exercise and have a nice flavored water chock full of electrolytes . i cannot recommend this product or any hammer product highly enough .
this product serves me well as a source of electrolytes during and after a long run or bike ride . i use other hammer products and really like their whole product line .
this stuff really works for preventing cramping during the middle to latter stages of your rides . pop 1 into each water bottle and you re set . flavor is fine and goes down easy .
for those of us on a low carb diet these little tablets are just the thing . these guys got it right . they are superbly formulated and simply work .
i purchased the mango flavor and to me it doesn t take like mango at all . there is no hint of sweetness and unfortunately there is a hint or aftertaste almost like licorice . i ve been consuming various sports nutrition products for decades so i m familiar and have come to like the taste of the most of the products i ve tried . the mango flavor is one of the least appealing i ve tasted . it s not terrible but it s bad enough that i notice the bad taste every sip i take .
if you re impulsive like me then 6 is ok . don t get me wrong the quality of these babies is very good and i have no complaints . but in retrospect the price is a little ridiculous esp . when you add on the shipping .
this was sooooo deliscious but too bad i ate em too fast and gained . pds ! my fault
these albanese gummi bears and rings and so on are very good and tasty and high quality . the bears even have little faces . at my local candy store this type of gummi stuff bears rings snakes balls worms whatever are about 10 lb . these twin packs of 4 . 5 or 5 pound bags is a screaming deal as far as i m concerned . i m probably 50 pounds deep in these friggin things . consumed !
grape gummy bears are hard to find in my area . in fact pretty much anyone i talk to about grape gummy bears they think i m lying . so i bought 10lbs . these bears are a little bit bigger then the other brands and have kind of sour kick but nothing to strong . i love grape flavored candy soda and these are pretty good . there is another company that makes grape gummy bears that are a little bit better in my opinion but these are well worth it for the price . i like to use the gummy bears in home made popsicles with flavored sports drink . the salt in the sports drink makes for softer popsicles and the gummy bears are awesome frozen . they are delicious !
i ordered two of these and two of raspberry latice tarts directly from fantasicakes website for a dinner party i was hosting . it arrived fresh and intact . very good size . i froze half for later use . i am a pastry lover and these were the best i ve ever tasted . the pastry was soft the jam was really good and the taste was great . they were gone in no time . my guests were really impressed .
buyer beware please ! this sweetener is not for everybody . maltitol is an alcohol sugar and can be undigestible in the body . you will know a short time after consuming it if you are one of the unsuspecting many who cannot digest it by the extreme intestinal bloating and cramping and massive amounts of gas a person can experience . nausea diarrhea headaches can also be experienced . i learned my lesson the hard way years ago when i fell in love with the suga . free chocolates suzanne sommers used to sell . i thought i d found suga . free chocolate nirvana at first taste but the bliss was short lived when the terrible side effects of maltitol kicked in . the discomfort was unlike anything i had ever felt before . i blew up like a balloon and had very painful abdominal cramping . as the symptoms passed this too was very unpleasant . though hard for me to believe a low calorie sweetener could be the culprit all symptoms were gone when i stopped eating the chocolate . my hunch it had something to do with the maltitol were unfortunately confirmed for me about a year later when i purchased some delicious suga . free popcorn at my local market . the taste was amazing and while i was looking at the label wondering what could possibly make this yummy new sugarfree treat taste so good my heart sank when i followed the little asterisk next to sugarfree sweetener down to the very bottom of the label and read maltitol in tiny little letters ! thank goodness i d eaten only a little . i still ended up with all the same sid . effects but for a much shorter duration . some people can use maltitol to their heart s content but others like me can have a bad reaction to it . in case you re like me . it s not you . it s the maltitol !
it is okay . i would not go out of my way to buy it again
no tea flavor at all . just whole brunch of artifial flavors . it is not returnable . i wasted . 0 bucks .
these looked like a perfect snack to through in with my trail mix . unfortunately they arrived in a solid mass of melted chocolate . i left them in my pantry for a few days and when i opened them at room temperature they were still gooey . i through them in the fridge and i ve been breaking off hunks ever since . they taste good to me but the chocolate is all grainy after melting and then solidifying again . i won t order them online again but if i see them in a store i would pick them up .
these taste really good . i have been purchasing a different brand and these are very similar in taste and texture . i agree with the other reviewer regarding ordering in the summer . there is no insulating packaging with ice packs so they will melt in warm weather like all chocolate food items . order in cold weather and buy enough to last !
the taste was great but the berries had melted . may order again in winter . if you order in cold weather you should enjoy flavor .
i know i cannot make tea this good . granted i am not from the south but i know i have never enjoyed tea that was this sweet without being too sweet . it tastes crisp .
this peppermint stick is delicious and fun to eat . my dad got me one for christmas because he remembered me having a similar one when i was a little girl . i m 30 now and i love it !
great gift for all ages ! i purchased these giant canes before and the recipients loved them so much they kept them and would not eat them .
i know the product title says molecular gastronomy but don t let that scare you off . i have been looking for this for a while now not for food science but for something more down to earth . i use it to make my own coffee creamer . i am sure other molecular people will be able to tell you more of what you can do with it and i am sure i will experiment with it in cooking . but the main reason i bought it was to make my own creamer and it worked out great .
while my dogs like all of the flavors that we have tried of this dog food for some reason their itching increased when i tried the lamb and rice . i have some very itchy dogs and am giving them a limited ingredient dog food to try to help . the duck and sweet potato cut down on the itching significantly but when we tried lamb and rice they started itching more once again . i like natural balance for the quality ingredients .
awesome dog food . however when given to my boston who has severe reactions to some food ingredients his itching increased to violent jumping out of bed at night scratching . as soon as i changed to a different formula the scratching stopped . so glad natural balance has other choices . i guess you have to try each until you find what s best for your pet .
we have three dogs and all of them love this food ! we bought it specifically for one of our dogs who has food allergies and it works great for him no more hot spots or tummy problems . i love that it ships right to our door with free shipping .
my dog has a ton of allergies both environmental and food . she was on a prescription dog food before we had her tested to see what allergies she has . after we got the test back we learned she was allergic to something in the prescription brand . so i finally found this dog food and she has done so well on this ! she still has her environmental triggers but i am happy she can finally eat something i know won t cause her pain .
my shepherd collie mix has ibs . our vet recommended a limited ingredient food . this has really helped her symptoms and she likes it . i will always buy it from amazon . it s 10 cheaper and free shipping !
natural balance dry dog food lamb meal and brown rice recipe did wonders for my jack russell . she has awful food allergy s and this food was our last hope because it was the last food we could find that didn t have something in it that she was allergic to . she has no problem eating it dry but normally i mix the natural balance dry lamb and brown rice with the natural balance wet lamb and brown rice . she seems to like that better . we started feeding it to our other dog a bichon too and she loves it . if your dog has allergy s or stomach issue . or if you want your dog to eat better foo . this is it ! you will see a difference in your pet .
great food ! i love the idea of one food for all ages breeds . t s a real convenience as well as a really good product . my 3 dogs eat less have almost no gas their poop is regular and a perfect consistency what else can a mom ask for !
i have a standard poodle and pomeranian who both do wonderful on this food . i have switched them to a different food due to price a couple of times and end up going right back to natural balance .
this is great dog food my dog has severs allergies and this brand is the only one that we can feed him .
this food is great . all ages dogs . i have a 3 year old and a puppy . they are both so soft and hardly ever get sick . the food is good especially when you have amazon prime shipping
my golden retriever is one of the most picky dogs i ve ever met . after experimenting with various types of food i have found she loves natural balance . what i really like about natural balance is the fact that it has multiple flavors in dry and wet varieties . i mix her dry food with a little wet food and my golden loves it . furthermore i do like mixing up the flavors each time as i think the same meal day over day might get a little boring so i figured why not . i tend to stay away from the fish type though as it smells . all in all i definitely recommend and give my stamp of approval to natural balance dog food . while i have never eaten it my dog seems to love it .
this is the same food we get at pet store . but it s delivered to my door ! and for the same price or slightly less .
i ve been very pleased with the natural balance dog food . our dogs have had issues with other dog foods in the past and i had someone recommend natural balance grain free since it is possible they were allergic to grains . since switching i haven t had any issues . it is also helpful that have have different kibble size for larger smaller sized dogs .
my . 1 . year old basenji jack russell mix loves this dog food . he s been noticeably healthier and more energetic since i switched him over from the standard dog foods earlier this year . despite the higher cost of natural dog foods i find that he eats significantly less of the natural balance dog foods and still stays happy and full . on the normal dog foods he d eat up to 3 cups of dog food a day the recommended serving for his size whereas he only eats about 1 cup to . 1 . cup of the natural balance dog food a day . when you take this into account you re actually getting more bang for your buck with the natural dog foods since you don t have to buy as much to last just as long as the normal dog foods . and a healthier happier dog to boot ! add in the fact that you can get free . day shipping with amazon prime . i m sold !
our pup has experienced allergies in forms of hotspots and itching from other dog foods . the cheap you can buy it anywhere food not only have crazy preservatives in them but can cause health problems for your pets . this food works wonders on reducing allergies and our dog loves the food . this message is ramsey frankenstein approved .
my english bulldog had skin allergies the summer we got him at age 3 . the vet recommended we wean him off the food his previous owner gave him iams lamb and rice and onto a new kind . this was the second one we tried and it has been working ever since . it s for dogs that need a limited diet who can be sensitive to additives and proteins commonly found in commercial dog food like chicken or beef .
i fed this to my golden retriever and he hated it . he wouldn t eat it and when he did it gave him terrible diarrhea . we will not be buying this again . it s also super expensive .
the mouth says how do i love thee let me count the ways . if you like apple products a must have item . the only draw back shipping cost . these are very heavy .
arrived slightly thawed . my parents wouldn t accept it . however the company was very helpful and issued a full refund .
the crust on these tarts are perfect . my husband loves these but i m not so crazy about them . they are just too sour tart for my taste . i ll eat the crust and hubby takes my filling . my kids think they re great so maybe it s just me .
these are absolutely scrumptuous ! my husband and i both love them however as another customer put it they are expensive to ship ! the cost of shipping is more than the tartlets themselves are !
what a nice alternative to an apple pie . love the fact there was no slicing and dicing . easy to prepare . i also loved the fact that you can make them fresh whenever needed .
i like creme brulee . i loved that these were so easy . just sprinkle on the sugar that came with and broil . they look amazing and taste great . my guess thought i really went out of the way for them when really it took all of 5 minutes . i will be ordering more !
not what i was expecting in terms of the company s reputation for excellent home delivery products
i first bought pickled asparagus at an amish market and it was love at first bite . hence when i saw these on the discount rack at the local safeway i cleaned it out . these are even better than the ones from the amish market . they are fantastic and some of the jars have a bonus clove of garlic at the bottom . i m going to order the six pack and i m a household of one . they wont go to waste !
i love asparagus . up until very recently i had never had pickled asparagus . oh my goodness when a friend introduced me to this exact brand i couldn t believe how great stuff tasted . i loved it so much i bought the six pack . i ve got . jars left . gonna need more !
i m presently on a diet and i was at my fresh and easy neighborhood grocery looking over possible diet foods . i wanted things that were tasty no . fat and low in calories . i came home with about a dozen items . that s how i discovered the tillen farms pickled crispy asparagus . well i ve always liked asparagus anyway and i ve enjoyed several brands of pickled asparagus . this tillen farms brand is really really good ! it s the best i can recall . there s an excellent flavor and a big clove of garlic down in the bottom of the jar which i m looking forward to eating . i can t believe how good this asparagus tastes and right on the front it says only 60 calories per jar ! now this is my idea of a good diet food ! gary peterson
i was diappointed in the flavor and texture of this mix . i usually like most of the low carb things i have tried but was diappointed in this specific one .
i have been drinking this tea for a long time now . i used to have to purchase it at a doctor s office because it wasn t available elsewhere . i m so glad that i can buy it now from amazon . com . i drink this tea throughout the day like other folks drink coffee . wonderful taste .
i have been drinking royal king 100 natural organic green tea 100 tea bags x . g each as my every day tea for several years now . i buy . boxes at a time to save on shipping . for many years i used to drink coffee from morning till night . but finally i realized that drinking so much coffee was not healthy for me . i finally resolved to improve my health and stopped drinking coffee all together . i tried many alternative drinks to replace my coffee habit . i found that green tea was not only good tasting it also has health benefits . green tea is one of the few drinks that actually makes you healthier coffe and other drinks do not . the only healthier drink is quality cold water . in my opinion for the price royal king 100 natural organic green tea is one of the best tasting teas . this green tea has a beautiful golden color the taste is bright and fresh . i recommend adding a tiny amount of y . s . organic bee farms raw honey to the tea to add sweetness and health benefits too . i also give myself a treat once in a while by having a much more expense tea tribute xi hu long jing but this fantastic tea is not practical for me to drink as my every day tea although i would if i could afford it . cons on my latest shipment the package shown on the amazon page is different than the one shipped . the one shipped displays naturally high in polyphenol catechins a key contributive element to the possible health effects of tea whereas the amazon package displays caffene free . so i am not sure if this green tea is caffene free or not . the other con is that sometimes the tea bag rips open when i unwrap the string from around the tea bag . so if the string seems stuck to the tea bag i put the bag in the hot water to unstick it .
this has to be one of the best teas i have ever tasted . it s clean bright fresh . great delivery . again quality . just try it .
i love love this green tea . it is very hard to find in our area and some places on the internet charge a big price and i usually don t get as many boxes as i did with this merchant . i will definitely order from this seller again ! thanks ! i depend on my green tea fix everyday !
i love this tea . it helps curb my eating during the day . my mom and i have given it all friends to try .
i m italian and i lived in italy for years . i used to buy these cookies for my everyday breakfast with an italian espresso . i couldn t find them anywhere here in the bay area so it s great to have them again .
in the 1980s i spent several summers in italy . this biscotti is often given as a breakfast food or mi . day snack . they are simple and delicious and were not sold in the us back then . they are so good that i brought back two bags from a recent trip to italy . it is great to see that they may now be found on amazon ! note it is great to open a bag smell the contents pour a glass of milk then dip the macines in the milk . great routine and treat for kids !
i had heard a little about this product from the local pet store then tried a small bag for our . cats of about 3 and 6 years respectively . the female younger one took to it right away and the older male who was unfortunately weaned on the junk cat food with all the corn meal and etc . in it and would usually refuse a diet change actually liked it too . the older male is overweight and we were trying to switch him to soft food on the doctor s request but he totally refused it . he is a posh cat after all . he still consumes too many calories the fatty but at least i know he s eating good food . of course i know this product seems to cost more than most other feline food on the market but i just can t see feeding our animals the lousy alternatives that are out there marketed as being healthy . why do commercials show cats eating a vegetarian diet which is mostly corn meal ? is that right ? i ll stay with this for now but stay tuned . i m updating this review after 9 months of using this cat food for our two cats . i upgraded the stars from 4 to 5 as it really has been a good food for the two of them . garfield still eats a little too much but he s just a big cat who doesn t exercise much let s face it . our female cat will be 4 years old in a couple months and she s so healthy . she s tiny but happy and agile . i tried the chicken version of holistic select but garfield seemd to miss this sardine version so we went back to this one . i ve ordered the duck version and will update this once they try it .
i started buying this after i noticed my 1 year old cat was already starting to lose his spunk so i decided it was time to start buying him real cat food . not the garbage in the super markets . i found this at the pet store out of the other million choices and i m sure there are other brands that are just as good but this is the one i went with to try first and it was a great purchase . my cat has been on this for the past 8 months and he s now just has active as he was when he was a kitten and his coat has became sooo soft . mainly he loved the taste even more ! i highly recommend this brand to all my friends and family for their animals !
i have done a lot of research to find the best food for my cat and this is an excellent food . that is also according to my holistic veterinarian . they put probiotics on the kibble as the last step which is very important to me . the best thing is that my cat loved it immediately and i had to stop mixing it with the old food because she only would eat holistic select .
this cat food was recommended by my vet because my 13 year old cleo cat was having trouble keeping any food down and was loosing weight . it stopped her problems . she doesn t eat as much as before since she seems to be more satisfied after eating which helps justify the added price . it aids in digestion since the . ok sorry . smells are gone if ya know what i mean . had to add that so anyone experiencing problems with their cats can see there are a lot of benifits from this cat food .
i have a 4 year old male cat who has chronic urinary tract infections . i feed him this dry food in combination with wet food with water added to it and uri ease . the combination seems to keeps his uti s under control . if i switch to another type of dry food his uti gets worse . the other cats seem to enjoy this food as well . it s expensive but it seems to be the best solution for me .
before i was educated about feline nutrition i allowed my cats to become addicted to dry cat food . i always offered both canned and dry but wish i would have fed them premium quality canned food and limited dry food . i have two 15 year old cats and two 5 year old cats . the only good quality dry foods they will eat are wellness and innova . innova s manufacturer was recently purchased by procter gamble . i began looking for a replacement . after once again offering several samples from my local holistic pet store holistic select was the only one other than the usual wellness and innova they would eat . for finicky cats i recommend trying holistic select . it is a good quality food that is very palatable for finicky eaters .
my holistic vet recommended this along with a few other brands . we tried them all but my cats prefer this especially the sardine version . the best part is their coats are so soft and clean and their eyes are so clear . and and i don t want to be rude so i ll say this as delicately as i can their waste is far less odorous than cats who eat the mcdonalds junk found in most stores which is a definite plus for me ! the health benefits are so obvious . i highly recommend holistic select !
one of my cats is allergic to fish and beef . this formula is one of the few she can eat and it has much better ingredients than the prescription diets available at the vet . both of my kitties are very active have soft shiny fur and neither are fat . dry food reduces tartar buildup on teeth also .
our cats thrive extremely well on this dry cat food . they definitely have much less hair ball throw ups and their fur is great . they are fit and not over weight . this vendor ships extremely fast . is one of the top amazon suppliers in our book !
i ve been a fan of hot spicy maruchan ramen for a long time . if you enjoy spice and love ramen you ll love this product . too bad it s way too expensive here on amazon . it s only 3 . 36 per . at my walmart .
i ve been eating ramen noodles since i was a little kid and i ve never found a better flavor than hot spicy chicken ! it isn t hot at all to a chilihead like me but it sure is good !
i love spicy ramen but for whatever reasons this thing burns my stomach badly and the burning sensation doesn t go away for like 3 hours ! not sure if that is healthy or not . and you can buy this at walmart for 0 . 8 way cheaper than amazon .
always being a fan of ramen as a quick and easy meal finding it on amazon for a decent price and having it delivered to your door by the case is an amazing situation for anyone to find themselves in .
i must be a bit of a wuss because this soup tastes to me how i imagine fire might taste . typically i like spicy food if it has a good flavor . i don t find this to be the case with this soup . any flavor is killed off by the burn .
i really loved the spicy flavor these had . i found myself liking the broth more than the noodles which is usually the opposite . if you aren t used to the heat this might bother you and if you like hot hot foods this might not be enough .
got these on sale for roughly . 5 cents per cup which is half the price of my local grocery stores plus they rarely stock the spicy flavors . these things are a great snack for my office where time is constantly crunched and sometimes you can t escape for a real meal . this is one of my favorite flavors of instant lunch and will be back to buy every time it goes on sale .
i have bought allot of different flavors and this happens to be one of my favorites and will be getting more soon
i love this flavor of ramen ! i don t eat other flavors anymore because they taste too bland by comparison . for the convenience of having it delivered to my home i have prime so i get it in two days and don t have to pay for the shipping the price on amazon isn t bad at all but it is still cheaper to run down and pick up a case of this at the grocery store .
the best investment i ve ever made for ginger . it s unbelievable ! it s fibrous like the real ginger has that spicy kick to it but it s perfect with the sugar . calms it down . it s very worth the 40 for 5lbs of it ! i ll be getting more soon . i use these as a topper for my ginger cupcakes and cookies
delicious . i cannot get australian ginger where i live . this compares favorably to australian ginger i ve purchased in other cities . now i can enjoy it without traveling .
i keep trying other brands . cheaper brands . stupid me ! this ginger is soooo worth the money . tender moist and never a let down .
my son has had acid reflux since birth and has been on every medication available with no improvement until an older gentleman came into his work place and told him about this product and i automatically ordered it for him . i was really not expecting any better results than the 1000 other things we have tried . what a surprise ! he has not had any heartburn or symptoms since day . of starting eating one piece of this ginger each morning . he can now eat anything and actually enjoy it . this product was a god send for him . thank you all for it !
i bought this for our office to give people something sweet to snack on . because it s bite size it s easier for people to grab a couple a pieces rather than an entire licorice stick . my only complaint is that one of the bags broke open in shipping .
twizzlers brand licorice is much better than that other well known brand . the black and cherry have good taste but the strawberry taste was too delicate and barely there
i love these . very tasty ! infact i think i am addicted to them . buying them in packs of 6 bags . is very reasonable than going to target and getting a bag . savings are about a 1 . 00 a bag . i use subscribe and save on these and several other product . i love subscribe and save !
if you are looking for a less messy version of licorice for the children then be sure to try these ! they re soft easy to chew and they don t get your hands all sticky and gross in the car in the summer at the beach etc . we love all the flavos and sometimes mix these in with the chocolate to have a very nice snack ! great item great price too highly recommend !
i might be mistaken but it appears that the pieces in this bag were reduced in size . if they did do that it was doubtlessly done to make it appear that the buyer got a better deal having so many pieces after all . the problem is that the pieces have to be a certain size in order to have enough flavor for your eating experience . as it is you have to use . or 3 pieces to match the old piece size it is not the same .
being a fan of newman s pineapple salsa for quite a while i was looking for a comparable salsa . this is one of the best tasting salsas i ve ever had . my daughters love it too . they don t like super chunky salsa and the berry mango has a nice smooth texture with small mango pieces . the salsa is not too sweet just sweet enough and although it s mild it has a nice little kick to it . at this price it s a steal !
the salsa smelled delicious as i think it probably was . but unfortunately the person at amazon that is a packer there is probably several had very little stuffing to work with especially on the bottoms . therefore the bottoms were broken on all three bottles . as i reached for my computer i was told no returns cause it s a food item . i then looked for a customer service tag and i found none on their new face lift . they seem to be proud of their new face lift but . they should at least have a place to contact them in emergencies ! like i buy a lot of stuff and it all comes in styrofoam boxes . never would i ship thingsespecially salsa . in a cardboard box with just a stripe of large bubble wrap on it . no matter how much the carrier fed ex is careful it s going to break somewhere along the line . especially in an all glass container ! barbara l . s .
this is one of the best salsas that i have found in a long time but stay away from the variety pack . the other two that come with it are not worth your money .
these remind me of dog treats i made once using pumpkin and cinnamon . they re kind of bland and not my favorite back to nature product . but my finace really loves them so that s where the three stars come from .
this is the best cornmeal . i made regular cornbread and hot water cornbread with this meal and both were outstanding . also fried some oysters with this meal it gave them a great texture and flovor .
this is a fabulous marinade ! i love to use it for chicken either baked in the oven or on the grill . this has enough flavor flair i ve even used it for dinner parties only to receive rave reviews from my guests ! definitely worth the price ! super cheap and super easy ! love it !
works with chicken fish beef or pork . fast easy and makes it taste excellent . plus buying in bulk is more than 50 off from box stores
got this for my brother who is on jorge cruise diet and decided to try one for myself . it actually tastes pretty good .
these singles sell for . 50 . 3 . 36 at the store for 1 box of . 4 singles . i m not sure why amazon is selling it for 9 . 99 for a box of . 4 singles . hazelnut coffee creamer is my favorite but truly this is not a good buy .
awesome ! such a yummy flavor i got it as a healthy alternative to the desserts we normally eat and i am so glad that i did there are so many things you can do with jello desserts and still have them taste good and be good for you . i will definitentally be purchasing this product again the flavor was so wonderful .
i went to 4 grocery stores looking for this flavor of jello for my green tomato jam recipe and finally found it here . this jello is wonderful ! evidently it s only carried in the stores during the summer but with harvest time in the fall i couldn t find it anywhere in town . this jello tastes like watermelon and the jam recipe i made with it takes like watermelon jam ! great made as regular jello too . yummy !
what a deal this is the healthiest salt you can use . this box should last our family the year no problem . iodized sea salt will not raise your blood pressure as regular salt will .
perfect size sea salt for the table or the picnic basket . we love it . shakes well no clumping and flows freely .
i should film it over but it doesn t look like many people view this product anyway .
i ve never heard of the safcol brand before but i was tired of only trying the typical pouches starkist and chicken of the sea . i was really surprised as i thought it was a bit better than the other brands and with less seasoning .
these are the best tasting tuna pack they make in my opinion . make a great on the go snack and really satisfying with the tomato
i have always purchased sta . kist tuna but thought i would try this brand for a change of pace . the taste of the tuna was not pleasant too much basil and other spices for me .
i m not familiar with the safcol brand but being a tuna addict gave this a shot . the tuna tastes like it s good quality but i found the tomato basil flavor to be a bit bland . it s better than something plain but it didn t pack the punch i was hoping for . it s still a great option for a low calorie low fat meal .
i found it much tastier than the plain tuna pouches out there . excellent quality and no need to dress it up . i believe a little heating brings out the flavor .
seriously this product was as tasteless as they come . there are much better tasting products out there but at 100 calories its better than a special k bar or cookie snack pack . you just have to season it or combine it with something else to share the flavor .
i read about pomegranate molasses so i had to try it ! i haven t made anything with it yet just eaten a little bit at a time but wow is it decadent ! it s dark syrupy sour and a little sweet . a dab of this and i forget about dessert . it s just a really unique flavor with a pleasing metallic undertone . yum ! i m going to try making fesenjan next .
used this in moroccan recipes as a syrup in a brilliant mixed beverage and as a swirled topping on sliced oranges soaked in orange water . wonderful wonderful stuff !
i don t know how long these sat on the back of a shelf somewhere but they were so old that they wouldn t cook . i had to throw half of them out because the skins were damaged a clear sign of dried beans past their prime . i can t even return these or ask for a refund because food is not returnable . will find a different brand to use . for now i have about fifty servings of beans to throw away .
besides being smaller than runts they look the same and have the same consistency . unfortunately they taste nothing like banana runts . nor do they even taste good . yucky stuff . trying to return with vendor .
the item over all was fine but the banana heads are not just like banana runts they are alot smaller . also when i received the item the packaging was not great . the banana heads had come open during shipping and were all over the packing envelope .
i purchased as a giveaway for a baby shower with jungle theme ! they worked out perfect for . 5 small bags of candy . i purchased 5 . if you want more than . 5 small bags i would purchase a larger bag .
i have drunk ricore since my mother allowed be to drink caffeine . i love this stuff in milk . back . check it out .
i first had this drink when my mother brought it back with her from a visit to her home in brittany france and thought it was delicious ! i wish it were a bit cheaper but other than that i love this product !
i couldn t wait to try the 8 . 43 cinnamon coffee cake because it is made with fresh eggs creamy sour cream madagascar bourbon vanilla and is topped and filled with cinnamon streusel . this 8 . 43 cinnamon coffee cake is available online for only 18 . 95 . now i have had my fair share of cinnamon coffee cakes but let me just tell you that the fantasicakes cinnamon coffee cake really takes the cake with size price quality and taste . the cake arrived very fast and was carefully packaged so that it arrived in almost perfect condition . it also comes with a large tub of white icing that you can drizzle over the top before serving . i couldn t believe how large the size was and it actually fed my family of 5 for us to enjoy during breakfast for three days . the cake itself is thick and almost has a solid but sponge cake type consistency that is really moist and very filling . the flavors are to die for with the sticky cinnamon outside and sweet cinnamon and vanilla swirled throughout the inside of the cake . the icing really tops it off beautifully and gives it that moist and sticky sweet flavor . pair the cake with your morning coffee and you ve got the perfect breakfast treat !
i used to love these growing up and stopped drinking water and lemon juice from this brand about . 6 years ago . this stuff used to be so strong i used to just pour some in my mouth and get that alive feeling going . it feels like the product went through changes which added more water or something to make it not so strong . the stronger it is the less you use as well . the product is still really good but the taste is the same quality as the cheaper brand names almost . i thought these would go fast but hey all lemon stuff i love unless it goes bad . this is a good product just wish it still had that hit me in the mouth chug sensation it used to be like .
one of the best lemon juice that i have tried . i am recurring customer due to the high quality of this product . when the season for fresh lemos is out this one supplement our need for the citrus on the kitchen or refreshments . i will continue buying it .
this lemon juice is a must in my kitchen yea . round . it has a powerful flavor and you don t need much of it to zest up a dish . i add a spritz of it to my water nearly every day . i will buy this product again and again .
fast delivery and good product . this is the same lemon juice concentrate you can find in stores and it s really handy to have around to add to sauces dressings etc . such a pain to squeeze fresh juice everytime you need it nevermind having the lemons on hand to begin with .
this is not as good as the frozen lemon juice but it is good . it has a slightly odd flavor perhaps from a preservative . sure wish i could order the frozen juice !
couldn t believe it when told how relaxing this beverage was . seriously drink it only if you are getting ready for a nap or bedtime . if you have plans to drive or perform any other activity not recommended . love this stuff .
i bought these at grocery outlet here in the seattle tacoma are for 4 . 00 a case of tweleve not paying 38 . 00 yes 3 for a dollar . i like the taste not great but not bad either low calorie will buy more but not at this whacked out price .
this is an great product . the taste is great and it works exactly as described . superb natural sleep aid . amazing !
we have been looking for natural ways to help us sleep since we always seem to be overloaded with stress and a busy schedule . yes we d probably be better served taking a yoga class but this is a good second choice . this helps you fall asleep and stay asleep . i drank half the first night and that was plenty for me . after about 30 minutes i was ready for bed ! i woke up refreshed and with no sleep . drug hangover so that is a huge bonus . i gave the product 3 stars instead of the 5 it deserves as their packing job was marginal at best . the product arrived with . broken bottles which at this price is a 6 loss ! the bottles are glass and all they did was wrap one layer of the smal . bubbled bubble wrap around the case and placed it in a larger box with extra room to move around in that box . big packing fail but the product is awesome .
we made chocolate chip cookies with brm garbanzo bean flour and the results were fantastic ! the brown sugar and chocolate mask any bean taste that other reviews have mentioned . our friends couldn t discern any difference from classic cccs . the texture body and elasticity meaning reduced tendency to fall apart that occurs with most other glute . free flours is nice and chewy . the same as cccs made with regular flour . and an added bonus . the high protein and fiber level i calculate . 3 g fiber cookie fills you up so that you are satisfied with smaller servings and the glycemic index is significantly lower . i highly recommend this flour even if cccs are the only thing you make with it .
this is great stuff . made some really tasty banana bread . good quality and lowest price in town .
we had trouble finding this locally . delivery was fast no more hunting up and down the flour aisle at our local grocery stores .
this packet of glaze is the secret to making those european style fresh fruit tarts . i am about to make one for a pie auction at church after a friend requested that something strawberry should be offered . you can make the most amazing and relatively healthy fruit tarts by baking a base layering it with uncooked fresh sliced fruit then pouring over the mad . up contents of one of these packets . they harden up at room temperature hold the fruit together so you can slice the tart and they let the beauty of the arranged fruit show through . i ve also seen this glaze used over cheesecakes to hold a fruit topping in place . personally i do not like cheesecake too rich for me but a fruit glazed cheesecake is gorgeous i will admit . to do this slice fruit and layer it on the cheesecake while it s still in the springform pan . pour on the glaze let it set up and then remove the springform . you ll have a clear layer of fruit on top of the cheesecake . cherries strawberries or sliced mangos are nice but the best one i ever had used thin slices of lemons that had been gently poached in sugar syrup before they were layered on the cake . if you get into baking this glaze is a mus . have on the shelf . the ingredients are vegan tapioca starch carrageenan dextrose cream of tartar locust bean gum so if you are looking to make a vegan tofu cheesecake you can use this on top as well as use it for fruit tarts with a nut crust base .
my scotties were full of hot spots and when i used this within a week all the hot spots were gone . the smell is kinda strong but not bad . it s tolerablel .
i bought this coffee because its much cheaper than the ganocafe and has the organic reishi mushroom as well as other healthy antioxidants . i didn t expect it to taste good but it actually does ! i ve only had it for a few days and for 5 its totally worth it . my sisters all take ganocafe but now i m introducing them to this less expensive similar coffee . i will follow up on this product in a few weeks .
the coffee is very finely processed and the flavor is just alright . nescafe and mount hagen are better . i bought this to try something other than these two but i probably won t get this again . there is just a slight vitaminy taste but it s not overwhelming . it s also a bit pricey for what you get .
this coffee is great because it s all organic ingredients ! no pesticides to worry about plus it tastes good and you have the healing effects for ganoderma .
like the other people mentioned this coffee has a great taste . i ve tried different instant coffees before but this one is one of the better ones . another one of my favorites if you want to try it out though not organic is africafe pure instant coffee
tastes great and gives me energy without the jitters . love this product . however i do wish it came in some sort of resealable jar or hard plastic container instead of a zi . lock pouch because the zi . lock ripped off and quit working after awhile . but the product is fantastic just not crazy about the packaging .
these little guys are tasty and refreshing . this is a good bulk value buy and i d highly recommend the mints themselves . cheers !
i like these better than the regular altoids but they re even more costly so you d better like them .
these little tins of sugar free mine mints were a great deal . there perfict for on the go . fifty mints per tin is just the right amount to cary along . and there safer for your teeth than the ones with sugar . the price of twelve dollars was very resonable . also there great for shareing . if you are looking for a mint try these ones . youll be glad you did .
pros cons none !
be careful not to eat too many of them in one day as one of the chemicals in it is the same as that of a laxative ! lololol !
these mints are really strong and have a great taste . they are also a convenient size to carry in a pocket or purse .
this is a huge supply of them . i m still working on these and have plenty to spare . much more effective than buying one from the grocery store or . 11 every time you want a mint .
even with small containers they don t fill them up . these little tins are less than half filled and at the price charged it seems a ri . off . is there some exotic ingredient as costly as gold contained in those tiny squares ? or how about the cereal ploy they were filled at the factory but settled in transport . can manufacturers be honest in their dealings ?
i love and use the empty containers for medicine advil in my purse desk suitcase . also line with felt to keep earrings . perfect little size to disguise small valuables when traveling and love the mints . tiny and powerful without burning my mouth .
received as shown . my mother in law likes these and walgreens quit carrying them . it was great i could get them on amazon .
i keep a case of these in my office and always have at least a tin or two on my desk for visitors to help themselves to . some folks stop by just to grab some mints and others pop them like candy while we meet . when i find someone who keeps coming back for more i just give them their own tin ! one c . worker asked me to save the tins for her so she could use them as pillboxes and safety pin boxes . like i said theyre a real hit . since i wouldn t be able to keep my hands off a candy dish this is a good alternative to have around and it s nice to have them around if i have garlic for lunch ! i gave the item 4 stars because they aren t as tasty as the sugar version of the mints but what sugar free item is as good as it s full sugar counterpart ? and because of the fact that each tin is wrapped in plastic which seems like a waste and is irritating to remove although i totally get why they wrap it . it still doesn t make it easy to deal with .
the tiny altoids are great for a quick breath freshening and the small box is great for portability . it s full but compact . i haven t run out yet and probably won t for a couple months but i can t wait to buy it again .
i loved these wintergreen altoid smalls so much i had to come write a review . the packaging is small for convenience and the altoids are smaller as well with a square shape blue hue and even more delicious taste in my opinion . i definitely prefer them over the regula . size altoids and will continue purchasing them ! highly recommended !
fresh scent and taste . easy to eat one tin in few hours . i use them as favors and everyone loved them .
hard to find the wintergreen smalls sugar free as stores only have the red smalls peppermint . such a common flavor . the wintergreen is refreshing and absolutely delicious . driving cross country if someone cuts me off i turn to my daughter with my hand out and say wintergreen me ! she pulls one out puts it in my hand and all is right with the world .
to me these are nothing like the regular altoids and are not breath mints . they are pleasan . tasting little candies in a cute convenient tin and that s as far as it goes . the mintiness is just not strong and the wintergreens are definitely weaker than the peppermint minis . i m not a drago . breath person but still one of these mints is too small to have any effect on my breath . four or five will freshen my breath for a short while . maybe 15 minutes . at this point i think the icebreakers frost mints are the best as sugar free breath mints .
we have fed our cats a lot of stuff . these . boy cats are not picky eaters . they loved the purina . they loved the nutro . they loved the iams . they love whatever we feed them . additionally the absence of corn product in the feed seems to lessen or remove the reactions of our friends with ca . allergies .
i started my cat on felidae platinum about 3 weeks ago and she loves it . she s an older cat somewhat overweight and had a grouchy temperament . i first mixed it with her previous food and she figured out which was which . she ate the felidae and left the old food ! she s now been on just the felidae for about ten days now off the old food entirely and she is a much sweeter happier cat . i think it must agree with her better or be more easily digested or something . in any case i am a happy purchaser of felidae . i don t agree with the previous reviewer that cats don t like it . clearly mine does .
we have three cats the youngest is about eleven years old another is fifteen and our oldest is well ancient . that is what the vet told us ten years ago . the youngest is a blob . when he lays down he looks like a footstool . the other two are arthritic and skinny . however the glucosamine will certainly help your older fur balls have a happier life .
too much of a good thing ? we worked this kibble in over time slowly shifting the percentage of felidae to national jun . food brand until the bowl was all natural . by this time the cats couldn t keep it in or down . what a mess . we ve moved on .
as with canidae felidae has also changed their formula . cats do not like change when it comes to their food . and they just had to change it without putting it on their label . we noticed the color of the food had changed and so did the smell . as you will notice i have also reviewd the canidae and this all happened the same time the dogs were having issues . i urge anyone that has had these problems to go to the consumer affairs website and also the fda website and write a letter to them to let them know how this has affected your animal . as with canidae they do not care how the change has affected my animals and tell me not to buy it . this is just horrible !
don t buy just a few of these ! i order these by the case . i can t even remember the first time i tasted an anchovy stuffed olive but i have tried several of the brands online and this brand is my favorite .
i order these olives a lot . they are u . like any other olives out there . the subtle flavors of the brine go great with cheeses . one of my favorite appetizer treats for guests .
hey the description says 360 grams . that is roughly 13 ounces at under 4 . 00 per can . no way . that is the approximate price for a 100 gram can .
my husband and i are both kind of wimpy when it comes to hot things and this seasoning is just a bit too spicy for us . it definitely makes you sweat a bit when you re eating it . it was still edible to us by adding a good sized dollop of sour cream but i don t think i would buy it again due to the heat . we prefer the milder mccormick s brand of fajita mix . i ve also had fajitas in a couple of different restaurants and it wasn t as spicy as this mix is . i have one more package of this to use and next time i m going to add more veggies and maybe some chopped tomato to cut the heat a bit more .
a friend who d been drinking tea for 80 of his 84 years introduced me to this tea a few months ago . even took me over to the store and bought me a pound . at 7 lb . in a retail store or a little over 9 with shipping from an online merchant i think it s great . i ve been drinking earl grey english breakfast irish breakfast lapsang souchong assam etc . most of them were over 30 lb . with shipping . aside from the lapsang souchong i think this is a great replacement for all the rest . has everything i m looking for in a strong ful . bodied black tea with enough character to keep it from becoming boring . my current favorite afternoon tea . unless you re extremely jaded or a tea snob you ll love it .
i love strong full bodied quality tea and typically drink assam irish breakfast or early grey tea but as the other reviewer noted the price per pound can be discouraging . so i have been searching for a quality full bodied tea that wasn t bitter at a more palatable price point and this certainly fits the bill . and unlike some other teas where they tend to be better in one form or another i . e . iced vs . hot this tea is excellent in both forms . i would certainly recommend this to anyone who prefers that smooth full bodied quality tea that doesn t cost an arm and leg .
i drink this tea plain without sugar or milk and it has a pleasant aroma . i am not exactly a black tea drinker so this tea is a surprise and affordable too . i usually prefer white chinese tea like white peony but it is more expensive and requires lower temperature water . but this is black tea and this aroma kind of remind me the softness of white tea .
i ve tried a variety of ahmad tea . not because i particularly like this brand but they are just easier to come across . the imperial blend i believe is the most complex yet well balanced of all the ones i ve tried . it s full body like a good cup of assam which by no means overpower the delightful clean taste of darjeerling complete with a long lasting note of bergamot . i enjoy it best in the evening . it gives a satisfying and relaxing finish to a busy day . for those interested in the specifics i use about 3 teaspoons of lose tea in a stainless steel infuser in a 16 oz mug let it steep in . 08f water for . 3 min take the infuser out and drink it without sugar or milk to savor its sophistication .
i have tried literally dozens of teas since being introduced to the russian custom of preparing and drinking tea and the ahmad imperial blend is probably my favorite of all of these due to the fact that it is equally delicious hot or iced . i buy the thre . packs as needed from amazon and go through them rapidly . my family loves it and my friends have it in their homes now too try one box of it and you will love it too .
this is an excellent tea . one of the best i have ever had . it is especially great when you prepare it with a samovar .
herbal additives in this blend destroy real tea taste . it is only for people who like herbal taste . i don t .
makes a tasty super easy meal fast . but high in calories . the instructions say to saute the veggies first but i recommend cooking the chicken first . the chicken takes longer to cook and the raw chicken ontop of veggies just makes a slimy mess . i made it with snow peas and carrots only . i dont like the little corn . added some red pepper flakes for heat and served ontop of rice . it came out wonderful ! dinner on the table in less than 30mins .
i think i have tried just about every bloody mary mixer on the market at one time or the other . most have too much sugar or worst corn syrup . this mixer is all natural ingredients and very tasty . it does have a little kick . enjoy .
might be a little spicy for some but this stuff rocks . i use 1 . and1 . with v8 for a milder version or the best is a bloody caesar ! half mix half clamato !
took me one or two to get used to the pickle taste . but now aim hooked and have to keep a bottle on hand
this candy is not as described . the middle is almost hard it is not a silky or smooth filling as described . would never reccommend this . paid a good chunk of cash for nothing
i started drinking the power slim tea when i was on the hcg diet to help curb cravings . since i liked it so well i tried some of the others and i am now hooked ! they are so satisfying that i drink them all the time . the energy gives you that extra pic . m . up in the afternoons that helps keep me going all day no matter how long .
i m trying several of the wu yi teas . i like this one particularly because of the subtle citrus taste . it also has a natural sweetness . my goal is to drink more tea and less coffee . i am enjoying trying a different kind of tea every day . i ll be coming back to this one .
i cannot live without this citron falksalt it is wonderful on watermelon fish almost any food requiring salt and in my world it all does . just try it on red juicy watermelon wonderful experience .
terrible ! artificial lemon taste like pledge lemon furniture polish . don t do this to yourself . just use plain flake salt and some fresh grated lemon zest .
these things are huge ! i love the way the crystals crunch and the flavor is not too overpowering or too subtle . this lemony flavor is my favorit . it s good on almost everything . you ll have plenty of flavored salt for a long time if you buy this .
the taste of these white cheddar flat breads is like a regular cracker . which is not bad except that i bought them because i wanted a cheese taste . more bang for your buck and have more flavor .
this is the ultimate puppy food . the kibbles are great for small breeds . high in digestible nutrients as opposed to fillers some companies use . less waste results from the high quality ingredients . i have been hunting training showing and handling various breeds of dogs for nearly 40 years with multiple national champions . i have been highly satisfied with eukanuba s quality and the results i have obtained feeding their foods . my recent purchases are with wag through amazon . com . their prices are the best i have found and they are very good at shipping immediately on items in stock .
the recommendation when we bought our puppies lhasa bichon mix and lhasa poodle mix was that we continue them on the food that they have had since being weaned . this is a somewhat expensive food so i can t say that we were terribly pleased but we loaded up on the stuff and headed home . eventually we switched their food . no more farting . i think it was due to the high fat content which undoubtedly is necessary for very small puppies . they just need that in their diet . i think that we were advised to keep them on it for much longer than was useful they said up until 1 year . yeah right you try dealing with gas for that long . around 6 mos of age we switched to puppychow . much better . granted they don t like it as much but we humans like it a whole lot better .
a very delicate green tea with a smooth light taste and an subtle floral tones and no bitter aftertaste . this is a great tasting tea which i am happy to recommend .
fresh a great way to get a little chocolate in my life without a million calories . they taste just like chocolate pudding .
if you like the ceylon tea variety you will certainly enjoy and appreciate this tea . note this listing s description is confusing . each packet of tea weighs 500 grams which equals 1 . 1 pounds or 17 . 6 ounces .
i ve been enjoying this tea for years . this tea is good mornings afternoons or evenings . my local store went out of buisiness . thanks amazon ! i use a bodum tea press to prepare a pot .
hi i have to have black tea everyday . i have done it in the past . 5 years and it s a habit of mine . ahmad tea is one of my favorite brands and i highly recommend it if you like black tea . i think this is going to remain my favorite for the next 100 years or so
i have tried it out despite the other review and i found that this is exactly the same tea i buy in either russian or italian groceries .
ahmad tea is an excellent looseleaf tea eith hot or for making iced tea . great flavor with no lingering aftertaste .
i ve been drinking this tea for the past 8 or 10 years usually buying a box or two when visiting large metropolitan areas where many middl . eastern stores carry loose ahmad teas usually at . 7 for a pound box . i ve always considered it an unremarkable but robust tea with enough aroma and taste and beautiful reddish color perhaps not good enough a tea to drink on its own but a decent base for mixes . this tea however is nothing of the sort . freshly opened package has almost no characteristic tea smell and the brewed tea is weak flat and tasteless . somehow it just does not seem to be the same product anymore . so you get a lot of tea for the money but the quality is such that you might as well drink lipton bags they are not that much worse .
i love love love this deal . it s way fun to pick from so many ! teas and chocolates and ciders as well as many coffees . the other outfits that assemble samplers are boring . they do the choosing and from a much narrower range . the sellers here are very nice also and will answer questions via email about the slightly confusing ordering method it s easy . if you want great packaging forget it . they ship fast and the kups are just tossed loose in a box . who cares ?
once you ve tried some random sampler packs and now are overloaded with decafs extra bolds or teas this is a great way to get exactly the brands or style that you want . received the order in a couple of days and was exactly what i ordered . this was my second order and i ll be ordering this item again .
good products and fast shipping equals a happy me . a little pricey but you can hand pick a few good flavors . a few i cant find anywhere else so def worth the price
if used on a daily basis you will keep your gums healty and between your teeth clean and free of plack .
wow ! this product is very impressive . i bought the 8oz blueberry and was pleased with packaging price and shipping . the powder dissolves instantly . even in water ! i ve just been mixing a 1 4 tsp in a small glass of water for now and drinking it down and it tastes great ! but will add it to my smoothies and juiced fruit juices next . this product is so economical compared to purchasing fresh blueberries especially because there is no waste due to mold or overripe berries thrown away . i think you could add this to baked or unbaked foods as well . i m excited to add more of the superfoods to my diet in this fast and easy way . i definitely will being trying the other flavors soon .
the pork chops from omaha steaks were very tasty but at the same time exceptionally dry . pork is usually dry meat but these were to the extreme . possibly shipping them frozen and keeping them frozen was partly the problem .
five minutes in one tentacle was bitten off ball inside cracked in half . not durable enough to be a dog toy . disappointed . so is the dog .
i am chemical sensitive as well as suga . free . i have been using this product for over a year . i use it maybe once a week at the most . i drink 1 . the bottle and then boost my energy after an hour or two depending on how i feel . imo this doesn t replace my a . m . coffee but is sweet in the early afternoon when i start to fade . once in a while i drink a full bottle before a workout . i ve been drinking guayaki yerba mate teas for years . compared to the many toxic energy boosters out there i highly recommend this . this product is clean and doesn t leave nasty chems behind in the body . try it before you judge from a review . everyone s body reacts differently .
i felt energized within five minutes but it lasted for about 45 minutes . i paid 3 . 99 for this drink . i could have just drunk a cup of coffee and saved my money .
yes it s probably healthier than . hour energy or starbucks shots but if you re looking to avoid a caffeine overload this is still not for you . most energy drinks cannot be made w out a high dosage of caffeine . i believe the caffeine content of 1 guayaki shot is 150 ml . probably lower than other u . healthy energy shot drinks but i believe most other people avoid the top brands b c they contain too much caffeine and or sugar . if you do not react well to caffeine guayaki is not a good buy either . i definitely feel an energy boost w 1 full guayaki shot but not w out all the other caffeine side effects . irritability nervousness moo . swings . caffeine overdose is why i stopped drinking coffee . but it looks even organic energy drinks are still not safe . side note . if you want to feel energized during the day have a protein drink first thing in the morning and stay away for heavy fattening foods during the day that will make you feel sluggish and sleepy !
these nature valley nut lovers variety pack was perfect . although i wasn t sure about the peanut butter bar it was excellent . i loved the roasted almond roasted pecan and the peanut butter . i will definately buy from this seller again . quick shipping and very fresh .
i so wish i would have read this review before purchasing two gallons of this oil for my health issues . it reeks like a chemical rubber smell . this smell is coming from the black rubber gasket in the lid . when i called to report the situation to the company sabrina told me i would have to pay to send them a sample to have tested by a lab . unbelievable . good customer service would indicate that they would pay for the product to be returned and give me a full refund including shipping . the product is faulty . period . i will never order anything from this company again and do not recommend it to anyone based on this horrible customer service and lack of responsibility and ownership .
this product has a strong afte . taste of crayola crayons ! to date my favorite coconut oil is distributed by barleans . the flavor is fantastic . however they do not supply a gallo . sized tub and dr . mercola has the best product in that size category .
had this shipped to my sister who follows a glute . free eating plan and she reports that it is very versatile and easier than grinding almonds for a crispy crust on chicken and fish filets . also uses it in place of bread crumbs in meatloaf and meatballs . stays moist when added in place of wheat flour in baking too . good product good value .
these are healthy and my mixed llasa tibetan terrier adores them . and they are healthy and his breath doesn t smell and his teeth are in good shape because of such products . a great healthy product .
a great healthy chew for my 9 wk old beagle rio . he loves the taste and it sure beats my arm .
i really enjoy this product . i had such a hard time finding it affordable in the store . once i found it i look no further it s the only sugar i use . thanks so much .
i have used and liked sugar in the raw for many years after being introduced to it in a starbucks . my most recent purchase however was disappointing . the sugar was lighter in color and had a crystal size maybe 1 4th of the regular size . having large crystals was something i always really liked about sugar in the raw . it enhanced the quality of mixed drinks and of lattes . i called their hotline to complain and was told that they had had a problem with their recent sugar crop and that the result was less molasses in the sugar . they have had many complaints of a similar nature . this they claimed also reduced the crystal size . they said this problem should go away with their newer crop . the representative said that the ne . crop sugar will have a . 10 digit date code without any spaces that ends with a 1 and no letters . the trailing digits are a date code using the julian calendar . my recent ba . purchase had a space after the initial sequence of numbers and then ended with a 51a . bottom line their current product is not much better than much cheaper products . when they get a better crop i ll go back to purchasing sugar in the raw .
sugar in the raw tm please harvest cane w o burning .
love this sugar . i also get muscavado sugar and they are both great to use in place of regular white sugar . recommend !
product is exactly as advertised . what a savings ! at least half the retail price . easy to store because of the individual packaging .
i used to buy this sugar for years . i do not eat much sugar but still . this sugar is called turbinado sugar but is misleading . i picked this brand just because it says real turbinado sugar and other brands in the local food store that their sugar is brown because it is colored with caramel or something . i m just wondering if the consumers can hold the company liable for such a practice .
it s just sugar in the raw it s flavor profile is much better then white sugar and it s suppose to be better for you or something . i just wish the bags were resealable .
this is a delicious sugar . it has a pretty light brown color and delicious aroma . but the granules are quite big however . bigger than plain refined sugar . this makes is difficult to cream butter and sugar together . but if you use it in a recipe where you will melt the sugar first before baking it or if you use it to brew beer and plan to boil it to melt it it is a great product . it would be the perfect sugar if only the granules were a bit finer .
i only use raw sugar it did seem a little smaller than the normal crystals but it is still good . will buy again .
this sugar is very good . use this in your coffee cereal etc for a week and you ll never go back to white sugar white sugar will taste terrible . plus from what i ve read this raw sugar contains a lot of minerals that are missing in our diets . the product was delivered fast and wel . packaged . my only complaint is the price . i wish i could find raw sugar cheaper . i would be happy to buy in bulk but this is the cheapest i have found .
i thought this was a great buy but as noted by scott d . the molasses content was not up to par . i loved the higher molasses content sugar in the raw . unfortunately what i purchased recently does not have the higher molasses content and i have twelve . 4 ounce bags . i guess i ll watch for the next crop .
i really love this sugar and pric . wise it s much cheaper to buy it here on amazon compared to anywhere else .
love this sugar . it tastes so much better and isn t as overly sweet tasting as regular sugar . we ve used it in quite a few baking items and they always turn out very good . the price that amazon has this set at is very good to and makes it easy to use this for everyday stuff .
can t say anything bad about sugar in the raw . i like it better than the other natural sugars . better consistency and . i know it doesn t matter . but better color . unfortunately one of the natural paper bags got torn a bit in the box . it didn t look like the box was damaged so i can t tell how it happened but it was sort of pain to clean up half a bag that spilled all over the inside of the box and our kitchen when i opened it . not sure what the solution is and i d order it again but if it happens again i d switch to one of the brands that ship in an unnatural plastic bag .
great service ! items arrived faster than expected . very efficient ! will use this seller again . i highly recommend this seller ! thank you for the excellent service !
please ignore the on . star comments if you check the bag the main ingredient is in fact whole grain brown rice and the second is rice flower . with anything that is gluten free you have to add another binder which is where the corn flour comes in . for someone who has celiac disease and cannot have sunchips because they contain wheat a key binder to any chip cookie or cereal this is an excellent product . my spouse and i buy these a lot because they are gluten free and absolutely delicious !
best flavor ever ! i m addicted ! they are all good but these are by far the best . i could live on these ! and there is no need for anymore to say .
so many healthy products don t taste very good . or taste good when you first try them and then go downhill . i ve had these chips on more than one occasion and they are very tasty . i ve served them to guests twice and both times they wanted to know what they were and where to get them . it s also nice to have something glute . free for friends who are borderline diabetic . but i would eat them anyway .
i found these crisps at our local walmart figured i would give them a try . they were so yummy i may never go back to regular chips not that i was a big chip fan anyway . the only problem is i can eat the entire bag in one sitting . i give these crisps a big thumbs up !
this is one of the best tasting crisps i have ever eaten ! i only buy it on special occassions because i know i ll eat the whole bag .
i paid 1 . 79 for a . ounce pkg of these at lunch today . i bought them because brown rice is a good carb . as soon as i tasted one and it tasted like a corn chip i checked the ingredients . the name is deceptive . these have masa corn flour listed in the ingredients and it overwhelms the taste . i won t buy these again . i can get sunchips for less money and similar taste .
i use the rotel mild and i love this product so muc . it saves me on a daily basis . if you re trying to cook lower fat healthier foods and in a hurry this stuff makes it so much easier . ever notice that some canned tomatos have a weird tin can taste when you make spagehetti sauce or whatever ? for some reason this product doesn t have that . it tastes so good you can just dump it in with a can of beans heat and eat . none of my local grocery stores carry it at all nor do they carry anything like it . so i have to pay amazon s inflated price to order this by the case . i don t like that i m paying a higher price but i love love love the product .
the price on this product certainly raises my attention on compairing amazon price with the local stores . i can get a can of this rotel at my local kroger for 1 . dissapointing !
howdy y all lee
nothing wrong with the product but i sure had to mix it with lots of other ingredients to make it edible to me . in texas i was called a bab . mouth . not into very spic . hot foods . for comparison i m comfortable with tostitos medium chunky salsa . 1 can of this milder rotel mixed with . slightly larger cans of diced tomatoes was still way too hot for me to use as salsa for chips . i used some of this to make a sort of southwestern cornbread that was good though .
this is a fantastic product and i wish it was readily available in most stores . it s taste is not the greatest but it s a . 5 oz . shot and it s gone in a second . it tastes more or less like a concentrated sweet tea . for the record i ve had 5 hour energy and that tastes far worse . i will put up the taste for the results . it s got 150mg of caffeine which is the equivalent of the big red bulls and monsters . i can t stand sucralose and sugar substitutes and this is one of the only shot sized energy drinks that has only sugar in it . the sugar is at 9g which isn t horrible . i used to drink 4 16oz . red bulls a day for the caffeine and this gives me far better energy and is much more subtle . my preference is black coffee but i can t drink . cups a day anymore . overall steaz does it right real organic ingredients in moderate amounts and they create big results .
i have to get up really early to work out before work and i get super tired by the middle of the afternoon . i was drinking one 5 hour energy usually extra strength each day . it worked well but gave me a jittery feeling almost headachy but not quite . my husband got me to try this and i was skeptical but for me it works as well if not better than the 5 hour energy and doesn t give me that jittery almos . headache feeling . and it s organi . so i can feel good about it right ? it s all about me feeling good !
i bought these for my husband and he said they are the best energy shots out there . he takes one in the mornings and works hard all day . good stuff !
i am a energy junkie and i m not sure if this works or not but what i do know is that the taste is not the greatest . i do drink the steaz energy drink and i think i get the same results . i like this products because it is more natural then the others .
if you want an organic energy shot your choices are this one from steaz and the assorted flavors from guayaki . guayaki yerba mate is actually in the steaz energy shot and energy drinks and they both use sambazon acai so there are some similarities in ingredients . already ordering . packs on subscribe and save . per month . great value .
i was looking for a natural energy shot that works and i found it . steaz energy shot is my favorite ! if you re looking for natural energy give these a try .
i had tried both of the guayaki energy shots and i don t like the taste of either of them ! this one has more natural caffeine and tastes much better . i like them cold for sure . my husband and i take these on road trips in a little cooler with ice and waters and we don t have to make stops for coffee ! especially on the turnpikes where it s just way too expensive . it s worth the . per shot . we normally split them . i m really sensitive to caffeine even the natural kind so i get a little weird if i drink the whole thing but that s the same for coffee too for me . my husband drinks the whole shot and gets a nice wake up boost . i would recommend these over any of the sinthetic shots out there . you can feel good about putting this in your body ! i ll be ordering again soon for sure
i purchased it because it was on sale . in terms of the energy it provides it works but the taste leaves something to be desired . i tried mixing it with some water to make it more drinkable .
i ve been feeling extremely tired around the late afternoon . as a software engineer this is entirely unacceptable ! so i asked the nice lady at the counter of my local whole foods market for something that will give me that extra energy i need to get through the day . woot !
the energy shot truly does work ! it had a terrible afte . taste at first but now that i know what to expect i am getting used to it . i always have some water handy as a chaser . which helps ! i am so glad to have found something that gives me the energy i need without all the chemicals found in other beverages . it s helped me kick my addiction to diet coke and other aspartam . laced caffeinated beverages . yay !
i ve tried . hour energy red rain nos and other energy shots . this is my favorite in terms of taste and effect . plus it s somewhat reassuring to know that natural ingredients are used . sometimes i wonder what i m really putting into my body with some of the other brands . i purchase a box about once every . months for the past . years .
if you re looking for an energy boost without artificial sweeteners and other chemicals this is a great option . the taste is decent and it is a nice smooth uplift without jitters .
i first found steaz berry energy shots at a local organic market . i bought two bottles which cost just under three dollars each . i fell in love instantly . the drink is delicious . i can taste the yerba mate and the acai juice like a slightly bitter fruity chocolate honey tea . i am very sensitive to sucralose splenda which is in so many energy drinks these days i also hate the taste . i love that steaz has actual sugar and no artificial sweeteners . the rush it gives me is slow and even . i have several medical conditions including fibromyalgia which saps me of energy and causes intense pain . i like how steaz helps clear away the fatigue and fog so i can get things done . no caffeine jitters even though there are 150 mg of caffeine in each bottle . it was becoming expensive for me to buy the bottles separately at stores so i started looking online for a bulk price . i am so thrilled to have found the pack of . on amazon . i signed up for amazon prime specifically for this product hah !
i have tried other energy shots and this one is the only one that really makes me feel good and energized without any other sides effects at all its also the best taste others taste like medicine this one has a tea fresh taste . i love it .
i drive otr . over the road truck and this helps to keep me alert . it has no sugar high no crash . i m on a autoship which i like . the price is very good . i ve seen it over . bucks in the store .
products takes pretty good and it doesn t leave you gittery . with subscibe and save as well as prime membership i pay below . a shot . my wife tried them and now she drinks them like they are going out of style . i moderate mine and they make for more effective use before weight training . i recommend this product to anyone who is looking for a healthier alternative to high sugar and unnatural products that are everywhere that still gives you the results of an awesome energy drink .
i use this product daily and it provides a steady stream of energy . i do not get jittery or crash . it also helps me practice portion control because it acts as a slight appetite suppressant .
i ve been buying and drinking this for over a year now and the energy boost is excellent with a continuous . hour effect . the most recent shipments seem to have improved the flavor slightly as well or perhaps i m getting more used to it . i don t drink it for the flavor but it s not as heinous as the fake flavors found in the other no . organic energy shots .
this is the first time i ve really been misled by other reviews on amazon . i like . hr energy i find rain ok and so i thought i d try this product based on the reviews . boy am i sorry ! i gagged getting one bottle down even with my nose pinched really . and it leaves the worst medicinal taste in your mouth afterwards . 8 tic tacs at once did not get rid of it ! but worst of all within an hour i was yawning and drowsy . unless you really like things that taste of a weird te . flavored cough syrup and don t work don t buy this ! i don t know what to do with the other 11 bottles . big fail
i loved this mold ! i wished i could have used it for more than one occasion but it didn t last . i did use it to make 30 suckers for my daughter s first birthday . but there was going to be no way that the mold could be salvaged after that . i would have liked to have kept to use on other occasions but for the price it didn t matter to me that much . it served it s main purpose
you have to try the vanilla tootsie rolls ! the regular chocolate ones are good but these are the best ever !
try this you might like it . i did and i am quite addicted it is too easy to prepare it tastes great and it absorbs the flavors you cook it with . the price is really good and well worth the purchase . if you like this type of couscous like i do then give this one a try . it can be eaten hot room temp or in a cold salad with a variety of greens and other flavors it takes on the other flavors very well when mixed . i cooked the couscous with a broth and oilive oil for added flavor and it rocked my taste buds big time . i will be back for more .
this tr . color couscous is really good . full of flavor and fun to eat . i love the texture . i cook in chicken broth and add some minced garlic and chopped herbs parsley cilantro along with some red pepper flakes . at the end of cooking i add some olive oil and this makes a wonderful side dish . highly recommend
i tried to find israeli couscous in a number of upsacale grocery stores and no luck . so i decided to try good ole amazon . com and selected this product . it is so good . add a few herbs and it s a great side dish or add more and make a pasta type salad . so very good . i am hooked . great flavor and so easy to prepare !
the package came with the label torn off and no cooking instructions . i know how i normally cook couscous so tried 3 4 cup water to 1 cup couscou . brought to a boil and let sit covered for 5min . it was mushy and tasteless . we have thrown out the rest of the container .
i wouldn t even think of buying this product unless i know the price per unit . how can i compare other items online or in a store ?
i love ordering whole bean coffee on amazon . i like this so much that this my first product review . i have to say that i m usually not a big fan of flavored coffee but i thought i would give it a try . when my husband started grinding it up i could smell it throughout the house . sometimes with flavored coffees the smell is there but the taste isn t . however not with this one . i m now going to order another flavor from this company and will give it a try .
i love this coffee . i do wish it came already ground as i don t have a grinder and use a blender instead . but it s worth it . many flavored coffees i ve tried only seem to have a flavored odor that doesn t reach the coffee but this one manages both .
this brand of coffee has been available in my local stores for some time . i ve believe the company is local . i ve been drinking it for quite some time and have not tired of it . i m particularly fond of the turtle sundae but all the flavors are good . i can t say that i ve had a bad one . as it turns out it s less expensive to order it from amazon and have it show up at my front door than it is for me to run out to the local walmart to get it . it s a no brainer . try it if you like rich flavored coffee you ll like it .
it is hot ! i love it tasty and a little sweet . i usually scoff at salsas labeled as hot but this one lives up to its billing .
i consume about a jar every two weeks of this either adding it to fajitas or using it as a corn chip dip . it is hot but after awhile the medium salsa suprema was too mild for me i thought maybe i d cut down how much i ate by going to the hot salsa ranchera . it s hot enough that people who aren t used to it will say that s hot ! . a drawback is la victoria doesn t make a larger bottle of salsa ranchera nor salsa victoria nor do they sell them in . or sam s club . to get a good deal you have to watch for sales .
service was great but i meant to buy swiss chalet chicken sauce not the marinade love the sauce . have yet to try the marinade
use frequently as we like to do asian dishes at least once a week . love this product . fast shipping as usual . would buy again .
these individually wrapped pieces are delicious although i wish there were a few more . mildly sweet with no suga . free aftertaste even a traditional marzipa . aholic should enjoy these .
put this in my husbands stocking for christmas and it was a hit .
i was amazed at how quickly it arrived ! it is a cute stocking stuffer but only ok as far as user appeal . you get what you pay for .
toy was typical quality i expected . i got taken for a major ride on the shipping !
so we cancelled the order . it was cancelled without any problem . that is a positive note .
i love the convenience of the singles . the best creamer around . taste is just like the big bottle . i can stick them in my purse and take them to work .
these creamers come in 4 packs of . 5 . i have taken one to work and opened one for home so far and haven t found a single broken or leaking creamer yet . i usually have way too much cream and sugar in my coffee but with these it is easy for me to cut down on the sweetness because i won t allow myself more than . creamers per cup . i think this is definitely the best option for buying creamers from amazon since all the other listings have a lot of complaints about creamers breaking in shipping !
even though we are international delight fans we were not completely dissapointed by this product . we had no problem with the shipment but the creamer itself is thinner than international delight . other than that we are happy d
besides the obvious convenience and portability of the individual creamers i liked this item specifically because of packaging . i couldn t believe how many reviews i read about coffee creamer cups but many of the amazon creamer options both coffeemate and international delight had multiple negative reviews due to the shipment arriving with broken cups thanks to sloppy packaging . if you are looking for these mini creamers but deterred like i was by the negative packaging reviews on other options this is your best bet . as a bonus the auto delivery price is very reasonable .
this seller is very nice . and the price is very good . the only reason i stop ording is bacause i went to sugar free and at that time he did not have it . but for those of you that don t have to watch there fat in take i would get this product from them .
i purchased these coffee mate singles to use at work along with the coffee tea bags . they re great because they don t require refrigeration .
i received the items in a timely manner . upon receipt i removed a pack to consume . the po . tart was stale and left an awful taste in my mouth .
i found these new spring po . tarts and bought them on a whim . my kids and i were amazed and delighted at the fun colorful amazingly detailed artwork on these po . tarts . fantastic for after school snacks lunch boxes and school treats . tie with a ribbon for a bright thinking of you this spring gift . the only challenge is finding more in stores . way to go kellogg s . fantastic product !
yes i am having a cup right now . i went all over town looking for this coffee after been invited to a non profit organization to a banquet and besides the delicious food they top it off with this amazing delicious coffee . i paid and extra . 0 bucks to get it right way and it is worth the money . highly recommend .
taste like it is stale . will not order this again . i had this coffee at a 50th year annerversery at a reception hall and had to have it . this stuff tasted nothing like the douwe egberts at the hall . this is possibly stale coffee .
serveice delivery with the seller was excellent . the product was not . will not order again . bad taste . iam not sure if it was old or that how it tastes . i throw it right away i coudl not drink it .
this is honestly the best seasoning salt in all the land . it tightens up any dish not spicy just perfectly seasoned . it s perfect hence my purchase of this 35 oz . mamma jamma .
the order arrived as advertised . i have had only a few chances to use it but it is awesome . the flavor is exactly what i hoped for ! it may take me a while to finish the entire gallon but i will definnantly order again !
i like a lot of sesame oil and use it in salads regularly . great quality flavor and aroma . can t beat that its organic !
bought a set of two when my son was about 6 months and we started taking them with us whenever we went out to eat . i cut up cantaloupe apple banana even used sweet potatoes a few times . just whatever i could get at the restauran . and it would keep my son busy long enough that i could actually eat ! it s great because i didn t have to be overly worried about him choking on big chunks and he got to try out new foods . i wouldn t hesitate to buy this again .
i have a slightly different version of this . different brand . my son started using it around six months and he really enjoys it . he does get messy if he eats something sticky or juicy like banana or watermelon but whatever . anyway i also had trouble cleaning it until i tried scrubbing it with a nail or vegetable brush . that works pretty well . it takes some time but not as much as it would take to run food through a food mill or blender or cut it up then clean it up off him the chair the floor the dog me well you get the picture .
what a great idea ! my daughter love it . absolutely recommend it !
this product is impossible to wash and actually get cleaned . i couldn t get the food pieces out to save my life . i tried scrubbing them out and even washed it in the dishwasher as it suggests .
i loved this product for fruits and other food that i didn t want my new baby to choke on . i also used it to put ice in when my baby was teething . it worked great for this as well as for the food . i didn t like bananas in it thoug . impossible to get clean !
i love love love the idea of this product and my little one loves loves loves to use it . she gets fresh fruit and other tasty things and i don t have to worry about her choking . the only drawback is that bits of food get stuck in the mesh and the seams and are impossible to get out . granted some foods are more difficult than others and some don t cause that much of a problem . bananas however have pretty much destroyed a couple of them . while i love this product i think that next time i will get the one that has the removable and replaceable mesh bags .
the munchkin fresh food feeder is an okay product it s kind of like sucking on food through a cloth . while my daughter was interested in it for a little while she eventually lost interest . i may introduce it back to her again and see how she reacts .
this product is amazing . i know a few people with little ones that use these and they love them ! super easy to clean and use . when ordering these i was under the impression that there were . per package . fy . they re not ! only one per .
i ordered these for my coffee themed wedding . when they arrived i had to fight off friends because they smelled and tasted so good . i literally had to hide the box to the wedding ! they were a big hit on my wedding day and there were none left over that we put on the tables . it was a great tasting product for the lowest price i ve seen !
these are delicious ! the chocolate is excellent and the espresso bean was the perfect roast for this purpose . crunchy and not bitter .
the product was exactly as advertised and fresh . unfortunately i keep them in a candy dish in the office and they are going fast . we need to reorder to keep up with demand
these chocolate covered espresso beans are wonderful ! the chocolate is very dark and rich and the bean inside is a very delightful blend of flavors with just enough caffine to really give it a zing .
popchips are so good . i have been following weight watchers and lost 50 pounds and am at my goal . these popchips are my salty crunchy indulgence . they taste so good
i ve purchased dozens of bags of this pancake mix which is a great product by the way . this is the highest price i ve seen . whole foods carries this item and it s been on sale there for 9 . 99 that s canadian dollars too as i m in canada . it s even cheaper on baker s box s own website and they re the company selling this product through amazon . for a tw . pack they should be charging . 0 or less . what gives ? i thought amazon was where you could find competitive prices .
the sugar was sweet that can not be denied . as advertised it didn t melt when baked either . however it will not do for your liege waffles gaufres what the larger pebbles of belgian pearl will do . these grains are smaller think pretzel salt or seed pearls .
that s exactly what i was looking for to bake some chouquettes puffs with small sugar pearls on top . works great yum !
this is what i was looking for and was missing it . the taste is exactly the taste as the one made in india so just loved it and remember my days back in india . definitely recommend it .
i bought this strawberry extract hoping to spruce up a strawberry wine that ended up with less flavor than i d original expected . a common problem in some fruit wines . for those interested i found the right addition to a liquid volume to be 4 oz of extract per 1 gallon of liquid .
great stuff and dependable especially when there are a million brands out there to choose from . i love the stuff . for really high end desires i go with the apollo olive oils from california . but i buy a whole lot more of this stuff and will buy it again and again .
i hadn t tried or heard of till recently weavers not it s my favorite . i am running through the list of types they have looking for a favorite and haven t found one yet they re all so darned smooth . no bite no after taste a little pricy but still worth it . no worse price wise than starbucks or peets . will keep running through the list here and see what happens . love them all so far .
having always been a strict peet s coffee lover i was reticent to switch brands but weaver s won my heart ! the taste is clean and strong the ethos is correct organic baby and even the packaging is very zen and appropriate . be still my caffeinated heart !
go ahead and drink the other brands served at your neighborhood cafe if you must but make sure you have a stash of weaver s peru organic whole bean at home to serve up to your friends and family who deserve the best coffee . and when you go back to that corner cafe where people drink average coffee because they don t know better take along a travel mug filled with weaver s coffee from home and enjoy a real cup of joe . er weaver s .
a very bitter tasting coffee even when enhanced with cream and or honey . definately not my cup of coffee . oh did i say it was bitter ?
im learning that latin american and south american coffees have this distinct coffee caramelish finish . as a peets coffee fanatics we learned that weavers roaster was the roaster for peet s and we are hooked ! i already reviewd the french and organic blend but i must say this coffee here is a perfect afternoon drink . you wont be dissapointed !
i like eating these whenever i need an energy boost . fiber plus chocolate is never a bad thing !
these are my favorite bars ever . the combo of raisons and dark choc is wonderful ! very filling ! these are hard to find in the stores . i m thankful for subsrcibe and save !
my fiance loves these dark chocolate and nut granola bars and all the grocery stores around us don t carry them anymore ! once again amazon came through and he couldn t be happier .
i was buying quaker oats granola bars but these nature valley chewy bars are better tasting they make a great snack when i m on the go . chocolate peanuts and raisins . it doesn t get any better .
hard to get husband to eat breakfast before school . he takes two bars now and is very happy to do so . it is often hard to find flavor in local grocery stores . so again amazon . com came through with a reasonable price . now i came keep the husband s breakfast ready as he runs out the door in the mornings . i often like to have a bar in the evening as a night snack .
nantucket blend coffee is one of my favorites . i was suprised that it was a single box . every time i ordered before it was a . pack . my fault for not reading closer . i will not order any more at this price for 1 . 4 count
green mountain nantucket blend . cups make a very good cup of coffee in my cfh
when we received our keurig elite for christmas we were so excited to break open the sample pack of pods to try out different blends and flavors . of the . pods we had in the box four were green mountain coffee brand . i d never tried anything from this company before but from what i had researched online they have the largest range of keurig pods and have even bought out competitors to produce coffee under their brand names as well . if you re looking for a g . to choice this is your cup !
green mountain is my favorite brand . nantucket is my favorite coffee from green mountain . very smooth flavor . not too strong and not too weak .
i was looking for a replacement for timothy s kona blend which is no longer carried on amazon . this coffee from green mountain is very nice but not strong enough for me . if you like milder coffees then this one is for you .
one of green mountains best blends of coffee in my opinion love it for your everyday blend perfect stregnth excellent blend !
this is just fantastic chicken noodle soup the best i have ever eaten with large hearty chunks of chicken and vegetables and nice large noodles . this soup is just so full bodied and is seasoned just right . i am so glad amazon carries this product . i just can t find it here in vermont .
i have used this oil for several years and it is the best for eating with bread or cooking i love the regular i use it on everything . you won t be sorry you tired it great for dipping bread and cooking omelet and green beans .
oh my gosh is this good ! like most people i ve been eating ketchup my whole life and never really thought anything about it . then hubby brought a jar of this home . the tomato flavor is amazing . i will never buy store ketchup every again .
sir kensington s did a great job of updating the classic ketchup with this wonderful product . the refreshed taste of this ketchup is a great update and now leaves me disappointed when i m given heinz while out at a restaurant . don t forget the spiced variety . purchasing the pack with both the classic and spiced variety for your first sir kensington experience is definitely the way to go .
this is ridiculous . the best gourmet ketchup i have ever tasted . it is pricey but wow . love this stuff . it would make a great gift for someone who is hard to buy for but loves their ketchup . yummy !
the tomatoes are the star of the classic flavor . it is clean and really fresh ! perfect on an avocado chicken sandwich . the spicy flavor is more complex and is the best ketchup i have ever tried . it is so good i have now used it on foods that would make me seem crazy !
the spicy version of this ketchup isn t bad but it is too expensive . the regular version is sweet as dessert . horrible . annie s organic has a much better flavor and costs a lot less . even heinz organic is a better deal . i gave it three stars instead of two because it is in glass not plastic .
these condiments are overpriced and terrible . the classic is disgustingly sweet . the spiced tastes like a bad spicy marinara sauce from a chain restaurant .
i have been using porcini mushrooms in my cooking for twenty plus years . the roland extra fancy porcinis that i purchased from you are the best that i have ever used including the mushrooms that i bought in italy and transported back to the usa .
i was pretty pleased with these mushrooms . they were mostly large pieces r . hydrated well and had good flavor . i d estimate about . 5 of the contents were broken into medium to small pieces most likely due to the shaking about in transit . not a problem since i sometimes break the large pieces into smaller ones for some recipes . there was a small amount perhaps an ounce or so of very small mince . size dus . like pieces . still useful to add into gravies and the like . nothing gets wasted ! this was the first time i used the roland brand got it on a price dip from the amazon warehouse and would certainly buy them again . highly recommend .
if you are a peanut lover these are for you . much larger than cocktail peanuts . six people on my christmas gift list ask for these every year !
the cashews were nice and big with the vast majority being whole . there were a number of small pieces at the bottom of the bag but that s pretty expected with so many cashews . they made an absolutely excellent cashew brittle . great value for the price .
although there were several shriveled ones they taste just fine . i mostly use them to make vegan sauces and other recipes that call for running them through a food processor so they don t have to look perfect anyways . for the price they are a great deal about half of what i find them for in the store
i ordered these after a fair bit of searching online . even ordering the smaller . 3oz bags . i will admit i was a bit sceptical when i ordered this since it was not cheap and had no idea how good or bad the cashews would be . the only negative i can think of is that the price went up abt 5 . 00 for the 10lb since i bought them .
these nuts arrived fresh and are very tasty . they are not broken or dirty looking like cashews sometimes can .
i bought these for my boyfriend who really likes honey roasted pecans in salads that i have at a couple of restaurants . plus he likes nuts pecans almonds peanuts . he loved these . i actually ordered 3 cans instead of the gift tin so he could take one to work or his place and stay fresh longer . although i don t think freshness will be an issue they won t last long . lol
my cat will go for a day probably longer haven t tryed it but he ll walk right by this stuff every time even when i know he s hungery . absolutely no interest . i swear he d rather die of starvation then even take a wiff of it !
got this free with another order i placed . i couldn t believe how much the cats loved it . i will buy again for sure .
this is a great ham soup base . i have used it in ham and beans and seasoned greenbeans . great flavor
i haven t used the ham base . it is loaded with msg . i did not realize this when i ordered it and can not return it because it is a food item
before i discover this mix on amazon i always bought it in whole food store . just one small secret try to add the seltzer water instead of regular one .
i appreciate the fact that i can buy this product online and have free shipping . this is a great all around mix that is very good with a wonderful texture . thanks again amazon .
arrowhead mills buttermilk pancake mix is my favorite mix . it tastes great cooks up light and fluffy and is super easy to make . although it can be made using water i think it s better made with milk . i love it with pure organic maple syrup .
the pancakes taste great without any recipe adjustments for my son s egg allergy . it s also great for camping or any time you d like to be able to make pancakes without having fresh eggs available .
hey ! these are great waffles and pancakes ! we have to add 50 more mix tho as the recipies on the bag are very thin . but we have a lot of fun with this arrowhead mills buttermilk pancake waffle mix ! we serve them as is with fried eggs and real maple syrup for awesome gourmet pancakes and waffles like they serve at the hilton ! its handy to have extra bags on hand too and you cant beat the subscribe and save price . this mix is 70 organic too !
we are glad we found this mix as we make pancakes without eggs for my son who has an allergy . they taste fine for our famil . we like them many ways !
i love the flour however amazon sent it with a book which broke a bag and made a mess . customer sevice took care of the problem however it was a foolish way to ship the product .
this mix is very poorly packaged and breaks open easily during shipping . nearly a full bag of my order was spilled in the shipping box . 3 bags out of 4 had come unsealed at the top . there were no tears in the packages .
just awful ! i thought food was supposed to taste good ! i had to eat ice cream afterwards to get the taste out of my mouth it s that bad .
perhaps the worst bottle of wine i ve ever had . i m not even sure i would cook with this . it is thin no body and a transparent color not characteristic of a good pinot . the taste is just bitter . not the complexity that i expect from a pinot noir of any price . just not what i m looking for even in a low to mid price pinot noir . maybe my bottle wasn t sealed well and went to vinegar . other reviews for this wine are favorable .
a good tasting light chip that has some value in nutrition . everyone get the munchies . is this is a good alternative to eating potato chips !
this is a wonderful warm flavored tea especially now in colder weather . i highly recommend both .
this is one of the best mint chocolate syrup i ve ever had so far . the others pale in flavor by comparison . there are only seven ingredients in this sauce including organic natural mint flavor . in the past i used ice cream heavy with other flavors like butterscotch chocolate chips oreo cookies caramel et al because the mint flavor of other mint chocolate sauces was too pale . now i buy plain vanilla or chocolate ice cream and the minty flavor of the santa cruz organic mint chocolate syrup really stands out but doesn t overpower the flavor of the ice cream . there are only 110 calories . and because the mint flavor is very apparent to my taste i use it sparingly so this 15 . 5 oz container last a bit longer than the other syrups i used .
this is a simple product and it is simply good . there are no extra ingredients that are hard to pronounce and have you scouring the internet finding out what they are . it is a bit thinner consistency than the usual syrup so use caution the first time you go to squeeze some out . this will be great for people who like mint it has a much stronger mint flavor than chocolate . i use it in my coffee with a bit of half and half tastes great . sometimes simple is better .
a grande item ! delicious fish with the ultimate flavor best ever in a can for all purposes ! i sent a case to my mother recently diagnosed with diabetes and she loves it as a main entree for cooking patties !
i ordered this product at the same time as the kirkland signature salmon . the raincoast trading co . salmon is very tasty equally as good quality salmon as the kirkland . however the raincoast arrived in perfect condition the kirkland cans were dented badly . i recommend this product to anyone who likes boneless skinless canned salmon .
this tea tastes almost as good as the tea you would get at an indian restaurant . it s much better than getting a teabag and making it the english way with a lot of water and a bit of milk . this is very creamy and tasty . my only criticism is that there aren t enough sachets in the box . only 10 . since the directions say that you use one sachet for 100ml of water approximately half a cup it s not enough for a good cup of tea so i use two . that means that one box is only good enough for five cups of tea . but it s a delicious afte . dinner drink ! i would buy this again if there were more sachets in a box .
i love this product cant find it locally . sometimes little out of the way stores have it . but i also love the chicken pork chop bags . every store i go in i look for them the lastplace i found it was at a meat market .
this is the best way to cook a roast . our local grocery went out of buisness and so i could not find this product till i looked here . please continue to keep this product available !
it s always a pleasure to find french s products on the web . all of the markets in my area have made a bargain to carry nothing but mccormacks bland and tasteless seasonings . this is the most flavorful cooking bag mix you will ever find .
if you like oreo s or the oreo cakester then you ve got to try the double stuff cakesters ! these are the best ! side note shipping was very slow but maybe your chances will be better .
i was surprised about how good this was my family and friends laughed when i told them i bought this . but out of the can ready mix with a little salt pepper spinach and some cheese and it s a great easy meal !
the thing about marmite is that those who don t like it hate it and those who love it can t live without it . it s very much an english thing and the language has even adopted the trade name as a metaphor as in victoria beckham is marmite meaning that those who don t like her . etc . . amazon has done the world a favor by making this weird and wonderful stuff available at an affordable price . last time i looked it was . 5 a 500g jar in british stores in l . a . county or about 4x what it costs in england . the amazon supplier was quick and efficient and i now have enough marmite to last me to the end of the year or would have if i didn t decide to send one of the two jars to my son in japan ! . good job amazon !
a vile miserable pancake . i put these in front of my toddler one morning and she actually cried . i don t know if it was their flat and anemic appearance or their salty bitter taste . only the whole wheat flour is organic in this mix . the buttermilk baking soda sls and sea salt are not . i am going back to nature s path buttermilk pancake mix . this one went straight into the garbage .
whats there to say about a fantastic chocolate chip cookie ! the only thing that could be improved is if they offered a bushel box of these so you would not run out so fast . hope these don t go the way of the dinosaur !
these arrived on time and packaged in green plastic wrap . the cookies were as fresh as the boxes found in the local grocery store . i have no complaints but i also now have no more cookies . we ate them all !
i was not expecting to like these cookies as much as i do . i like chocolate chip cookies well enough but i really prefer a soft cookie to crisp ones . i have to say these famous amos cookies have pertty much turned me around . the cookies are rich and have that depth of flavor that comes from quality ingredients . the chips are real chocolate and melt redilly in your mouth creating a moist experience while chewing . these are truly great cookies .
they aren t fattening and they re good for you right ? that s what i heard at least from an admittedly unreliable person .
great if you are cutting back on fat they do resemble regular chips but are nothing like them . extremely dry and hard .
i have never met a kettle brand chip i did not like . these chips have a great loaded potato flavor which are flavorful . i like the sweet onion chips better but these are also at the top of the list for grea . tasting potato chips . kettle chips are great chips f the money !
after buying bags one at a time at a hefty markup at nearby stores i decided to try bulk ordering some snack foods on amazon . i was very pleased with the price and the products . i wouldn t hesitate to order another box of these once i run out .
i buy mostly for vending so the size of the bag is important . kettle s 1 oz bag is a good size although it seems a bit less than full . salt vinegar flavor is satisfying about an 8 out of 10 .
glad to find these in a one ounce size but the bag seems a bit less than full . it s hard to find single serving chip bags that vend well . sometimes they are too wide . or too plump with air . bag size is good . bbq flavor is about an 8 out of 10 .
one of the best chips that you can buy . and i ve tried all the kettle varieties and many others . there s only a slight taste of jalapeno and they are delicious . perfect with a sandwich or alone . if you like being addicted these are the chip for you . . see you at addicts anonymous .
the title says it all . great flavor hint of spice excellent crunch . we eat kettle chips by the truck load at my house we like all the flavors but this one far and away is our favorite never enough bags to get us to our next shipment . i just wish amazon could get the larger bags on subscribe and save ! if you buy these make sure you have enough for everyone otherwise you may not get enough for yourself !
wow ! i have eaten quite a few potato chips in my day . kettle chips are the best no . baked chips i have eaten . i decided to try the sweet onion chips since i ve never had them . i now have a favorite ! if you like onions this is a must buy ! i will definitely reorder these as i mentioned above they are the best i have ever eaten ! the flavor is great .
i cannot say how much i love kettle brand potato chips . kettle brand has a large variety of unique flavors and the quality of the chips themselves blows all other potato chips out of the water . the ingredients list is printed on each bag and the only thing really bad for it is the oil they are frying the chips in . i love that these aren t filled with nasty chemicals . i ordered the cheddar and sour cream krinkle cut ones which are great but i was torn between the and the jalapeno flavor . while i know the jalapeno flavor is good but this is way better . they include liquid smoke instead of actual bacon which i m fine with since i ve a vegetarian . i ordered this to give to guests coming from out of town for my wedding this spring and i can t guarantee how many i will have left . my fiance and i love these . the packaging is perfect for anyone who is giving these to kids to take for school lunches or handing out in gift bags even just for portion control .
now i haven t done a sid . b . side comparison but these chips still taste like the real deal . these snack sized bags do as well as the regular brand at the grocery store i work for . portion control and reduced fat ? yes please ! with the subscribe save these are much cheaper than at the grocery store .
i love kettle brand chips ! personally the flavor is too much for me but my mom aunt love them and they hate potato chips .
these chips are thick and crunchy . i absolutely love them . the taste is perfect . i like to buy these smaller bags because i cant trust myself with a large bag of these because they taste no good .
i enjoy these chips . i got these instead of my usual jalapeno ones from the same company for a bit of flavor change . i think those are better but only slightly like the jalapenos there is a great amount of flavor without being too overpowering . the small bag size prevents you from overeating as with a larger bag .
i love these chips i buy the . 4 pack once a month . the bags are just the right size for snacking and prevent me from eating way too much with the larger bags . the jalapeno spice is subtle enough not to be overpowering but still gives you a great amount of flavor .
these are the strongest tasting salt and vinegar chips i ve had . i could still do with more vinegar flavor but i think this is as close as i m going to get without dousing them with vinegar powder myself . i did a side by side with the cape cod salt and vinegar and these are about twice as flavorful . additionally as other reviewers have said they have quite a good bit of potassium in them somewhere in the neighbor of 15 rda per serving .
i have been ordering the sea salt chips for about a year . i love them but my daughter picked some of these up at our local grocery store and now they are my new favorite . will be ordering them .
these are my favorite glute . free dair . free flavored chips . many other salt and vinegar chips contain dairy so it s nice to find ones that i can eat . the vinegar flavor is really intense and good .
these kettle brand potato chips in the spicy thai flavor really do taste like food i have eaten at a thai restaurant . the ingredients listed include garlic powder onion powder parsley jalapeno and spices . i m not sure what other spices there are but it sure tastes like lemongrass to me . yum . these chips are thick cut and very crunch . they come in a seriously heav . duty bag . i tried to open it like i do regular chip bags by pulling the two sides apart no way ! the bag is so thick i wondered if it was plastic . i started looking for the scissors and decided that any company that put their chips in a bag this nice must have provided a way to open it . sure enough there is a small slit on the top and the simple directions tear here . so easy . why didn t i think of that .
honey dijon flavor okay flavor but both my girlfriend and i thought they left a bad aftertaste . the aftertaste is sort of like old cheese presumably some folks like this . i m not a fancy cheese eater and it lingers for at least an hour . i d give this flavor a rating of . stars out of 5 . i d give the consistency of the chips 4 stars . the chips are crunchy but also greasy enough that i keep a napkin near or wash my hands after eating kettle chips .
for me kettle is the best brand on the market . they really know how to turn the humble potato into something fit for the gods ! i didn t think anything could top their salt and pepper chips but these are my new favorite . the flavors are pure and real . they go great with just about everything and are highly addictive ! i hope they come out with a low fat version their low fat chips are excellent but they need more flavors .
salt and vinegar chips are definitely my favorite type of any potato chip . these ones made by kettle were very tasty and i enjoyed them thoroughly . i just wish there was a more healthy option with the same great taste .
what i like about them as another reviewer said there s a lot of oil in them chips . what i do is place a paper napkin on a plate and pour the chips on them . wait a few mins before eating and the napkin will soak some of the oil off . it seems gross that there is so much oil on the chip that a napkin will soak it off but it s true ! and at least this way you ll get rid of some of the oil .
these are so tangy it prevents me from eating too many a handful or two does the trick . very crisp and savory .
i usually love kettle chips and love salt vinegar but these chips were way too vinegary for me ! they do have the typical kettle chip crunch but are too aggressively flavored for my taste .
i have always been a fan of kettle chips . when you open a bag of kettle chips you know you are going to get quality . these chips are no exception and live up to the name printed on the package . overall the quality of the chips is fantastic . the flavor is great and you wont be disappointed especially if you are a cheddar lover !
tried many varieties of bbq chips and hands down these are the best on the market ! these r not too salty or greasy . great crispy crunch . plenty of good bbq flavor with a hint of sweetness that all other brands fall short of . every bag after bag is just as mouth wateringly delicious as the 1st !
kettle chis are the best ever ! these used to be my favorite flavor until i tried their salt and pepper kind but i m sure this is just a personal preference . crunchy real potato chips !
these chips have the right amount of crunch and i enjoy the taste . chips are consistent and have a fairly even distribution of seasoning . i like the . oz size bags just the right amount of chips .
i subscribed to these . one case every three months . that comes out to about 5 a month for the convenience of having my favorite chips handy whenever i want . because it seems frit . lay has managed to crowd out every other chip vendor from pretty much all my local stores this is the best way to ensure a steady supply of the items i want rather than the items frit . lay wants me to have . the two ounce bags are larger than you might be used to buying at the subway for example which i find works very well . they re large enough to be a good snack on their own or you can even share a single bag over lunch . the size is perfect for ensuring these fantastically crunchy chips are always fresh . no chip clip needed ! the only problem ? i subscribed to four cases a year and having these yummy chips always in the pantry makes it really easy to increase ones kettle chip consumption . definitely have to hide the case from the kids !
ok i did read the reviews which ranged from splendid to awful . i took the plunge as i do like salty and tangy flavors . no i had never had these before i took the leap and ordered a case at a super price . they arrived quickly and in great shape with the sell by date feb . 011 . umm i m in the middle on these chips they are ok but not something i can t live without . i love the crunch the color no trans fat . they are a little too vinegary for my taste which is a lot coming from a kid that grew up eating pickled har . boiled eggs and pickled pigs feet . i haven t tried them with a deli sandwich and a cold mug of beer which might improve the experience
this was the best deal ever . the delivery was fast the chips are delicious and very fresh . love it
my husband and i love these chips ! personally i think the flavor is perfect . try them for yourself !
the barbeque flavor of these chips is really perfect ! just spicy enough a hint of sweetness just a little smokey . the chips themselves are extra crunchy and just thick enough to be substantial but not hard . this makes for a wonderful snack or a great accompaniment for burgers hot dogs or brats chicken or just about any casual entree .
i was hesitant to buy this at my local grocery store lunds but they were on sale so i bought a bag . i ve found that going beyond the simpl . flavored chips like cheddar or vinegar usually results in disappointment . tried the thai or asia . inspired chips by target archer farms and they were awful . these kettle spicy thai chips are just awesome . so much so that i m considering buying them in bulk from amazon . the taste is complicated and stimulates different parts of the palate . the taste sensations prevalent in real thai food is baked into this chip . sweet salty spicy . was sour in there too ? i don t know but this is a wel . made wel . balanced chip that is addicting .
as a professional potato chip muncher i see these as thee very best on the market . rich taste and flavor ! almost impossible not to finish the entire bag . the true meaning of decadence !
these are hand . down the absolute best salt vinegar chips you can buy . they have a great strong flavor that has left me addicted . these are certainly my favorite chips . i highly recommend trying them !
oh i love these chips ! and they re so hard to find where i am and when i do find them they re usually . 2 more per bag for less . great that these are so cheap here at amazon .
i love these chips ! it is a little weird to review potato chips . but these chips are great . the crunch is just right plus they have just the right amount of salt . not to salty not too bland . they are a little oily but that s ok . the best thing is the . oz package . when i buy a larger bag it s harder to resist eating them all . this . oz package allows for a little portion control . be sure to use your scissors to open cause these chips are packaged for freshness and don t open easily . enjoy !
in the past couple years i have eaten and reviewed several kinds and styles of chips from the best i ve ever had to big disappointments . if you have eaten the lantchips varieties there is no way that they are not the best as a group the kettle chips are rightly salted and i was so irritated by some pringles products . kettle has good flavor but the small size and overwhelming oiliness takes away from the flavors . all in all its good to have choic . amazon does not stock the lantchips all the time so there are some days that there is no choice .
these chips are good and bad and create moral dilemmas constantly . if wou are strong at will or having a large bbq go for it but as for me i was in the habit of bringing a new bag to work every three days had to put in a lot of time on the treadmill to make up for it . beware
kettle chips flavors can be hit or miss . some of their flavors are terrible . but this is very simple and delicious . probably one of their best flavors . cons the occasional burnt chip and the bag is a pain to open . they have a tab that you can pull down but most of the time i end up tearing down the entire side of the bag . use scissors instead .
we bought these chips at a little sandwich shop in sonoma while we were on vacation . i wasn t sure what to expect by the package and at first bite i didn t know what to think . and then all of the flavors hit ! yum ! they are a bit spicy but nothing overpowering . just lots of crunchy sweet spicy goodness . they aren t sold everywhere though i m still trying to find them somewhere close to where i live .
i have to admit that those chips are so good that they are highly addictive . i can t stop eating them ! it s crunchy and seasoned at the right amount of flavor and salt . just perfect ! believe me some chips are so salty i can t finish a small bag . but this one . i just keep on eating !
these are some of the best chips that i have ever had . they sure beat anything else out there and are even cooked in a way that is better for you than most other name brands . they are tangy and crisp and satisfy any craving at the time ! these will be the only chips that i buy from now on and i thank amazon for letting me buy them online in bulk and save some money at the same time !
i m addicted to salty and tangy flavors so when i opened my first bag of sea salt vinegar kettle brand chips i knew i had a perfect complement to my vegetable trays of cucumber carrot celery and cherry tomatoes . skip the dip balance the tangy chips by alternating bites of raw vegetable . annette solomon a reporter for the salem statesman journal recently noted that a glass of wine goes nicely with these chips . solomon wrote . you could be missing out on a wonderful pairing . these chips are spicy so you would want to select a sem . sweet white wine . also a moderate amount of acid will subdue the strong flavors of ginger lime garlic and cilantro without ove . powering them . classically a germa . style riesling fits these parameters perfectly .
these honey dijon chips bring a terrific balance of salty tangy sweet and crunchy . other brands i ve tried use too much mustard flavor which overpowers the honey dijon pairing . annette solomon a reporter for the salem statesman journal recently noted that a glass of wine goes nicely with these chips . solomon wrote . you could be missing out on a wonderful pairing . these chips are spicy so you would want to select a sem . sweet white wine . also a moderate amount of acid will subdue the strong flavors of ginger lime garlic and cilantro without ove . powering them . classically a germa . style riesling fits these parameters perfectly .
these chips remind me of a long obsolete brand of chips we could get in middle school . they are by far the tastiest chips i ve had and it s impossible to walk past the aisle without picking up the trademark blue bag and then putting the bag clip on the bag !
these are by far my favorite chips they are extremely crunchy similar to other kettle style chips but it s the extreme vinegar flavor that differentiates these from lesser fried potato snacks . i ve tried several other brands of salt and vinegar and none of them come close .
they are good but need more cheese and wish they were krinkle cut . i much prefer the salt pepper just for the krinkle cut . they have a better texture . all around this brand is much better than frit . lay and a good price on amazon when you get free shipping . these are similar to tim s or zack s chips in that they are very crispy . on a side note these are the hardest bags to open by hand . i have to use a knife or scissors everytime .
it took a while to get used to these chips but they are pretty good and more healthy for you . they sure were eaten all up by my family and friends .
these are delicious . the . oz bags are a bit big for school lunches definitely more than a serving .
i recently tried this flavor brand and was surprised at how delicious these chips are . the best thing was that there were a lot of brown chips in the bsg my favorite so i bought some more through amazon and shared with family and friends . i am a little disappointed that there are not so far very many brown chips in these bags but the flavor is still very good . i like them better than the yogurt and green onion flavor because they do not seem to be as salty and the onion flavor is better . if you haven t eaten kettle chips before i recommend that you try a bag before buying bulk . they are thicker and crunchier than lays but just as fresh out of the bag .
we are always pleased with amazon s packaging . chips are never crushed or broken always fresh . we really liked this brand flavor of chips . very tasty !
these chips are some of the best i ve tasted . they are not filled with chemicals . you taste the tangy vinegar as well as the potato . not greasy . perfectly crispy . if you don t like salt and vinegar tanginess don t even bother to try . these definitely have zip . i love them . my children and their friends love them . even my 4 year old loves them !
these chips were a great deal . kettle was having a special deal for the case of chips . they are hard to find in vegas and are my favorite flavor . shipping was very fast sooner than expected .
fantastic ! you can not beat this taste and you can not resist to it only one if you are spice lover
eat at your own risk . once i would open a bag i could not stop . good and salty .
i don t eat many chips but these i love . great buy and arrived quick and packed great . expiration date is a ways away so i have awhile to enjoy them great natural potato flavor . i love brown russet hardy flavor and these fit that description to a tee .
i simply fell in love with these chips and refused to share them with my friends . my experience with a lot of chees . favored chips has been too salty and a little over the greasy side . but these ny cheddar from kettle really changed my mind . thanks to amazon for great discounts and i don t have to buy them from the store anymore .
bought this box of chips as a father s day gift because dad loves them . they are very yummy and more substantial than regular chips .
these chips are quite tasty and the price is right . packaged very well would buy again .
i like kettle chips but was really disappointed with this order because they were over cooked . i bought a bigger sized bag from costco and the chips were all cooked perfectly . so i don t know why these were different . will never buy these chips from here again .
for some reason amazon would not ship these to alaska ! . so i sent them to my grandchildren who got to enjoy them . they are very good chips ! amazon should rethink the shipping to alaska thing . i would order groceries online .
my husband likes these a lot . they are a bit different to get used to as they are less greasy and salty in taste than the usual chips you buy . they are more browner than i would like to see and the chips are pretty sturdy in texture . not bad though . just takes getting used to eating chips better for your health . they do have about 1 . the calories in fat however .
just got this order and it is ok . a bit light on the cheddar flavoring and herb taste eludes me if it is there .
i really love kettle brand chips but these are rather disappointing . there is very little sour cream or onion flavor .
i took one and said good russet potato chip but i found that the flavoring was subtle for my taste a bit oily and overcooked . it may be because i am use to eating their great tasting . or perhaps because all the chips in the bags i received were overcooked and that overpowered the seasoning . it is obvious the chips are flavored but if i did not read the bag i would never have thought it had cheddar flavor . and i love new york cheddar . the flavoring included parmesan cheddar blue cheese garlic and other spices . a good chip even when overcooked but i do not plan to buy them again .
i took one and said good russet potato chip but where is the flavoring ? then all of a sudden within seconds it spread to my senses and my taste buds were happy . as close to thai food as a potato chip can get . these chips are spicy enough to satisfy that craving for spice and a hint of sweetness that makes them habit forming . the flavoring included garlic ginger jalapeno cilantro and other spices and it just felt great to eat these . i will buy these again . these were a treat .
